Carissa Marie Photography 
About Me Info + Pricing Elopement Stories Education Contact 
Contact Elopement Stories Education Info + Pricing
 About
 Home
San Juan Mountains Elopement Photographer
Tiny weddings in big places
Artful elopement photography for couples who want to have a meaningful experience in a place that makes them feel small
The San Juan Mountains, CO
Standing on a 13,000 ft. mountain top covered in fog...
Knik Glacier, Alaska
Exploring ice pools on an ancient glacier hundreds of miles from the nearest civilization...
Moab, Utah
Wandering amongst sandstone monoliths in the red dirt of the desert...
Let's find the place that makes you feel small
The kind of place where you can say your vows in complete solitude, with only the sounds of your voice echoing through the landscape.
No overwhelming guest lists, or stressful timelines - just two humans, crazy about each other, in a wild place that takes your breath away.
Let's Start Planning
The good news is that you don't need to hike mountains or rappel down cliffs to have a meaningful experience in a place like that.
There's no one-size-fits-all approach to elopements – and there shouldn't be.
Your experience should be designed entirely around the significance of your marriage. Because the most meaningful elopements aren't just about checking boxes off your bucket list – they're about honoring your love in a place that moves you.
You deserve to have a day that fits your own definition of adventure. 
Whether that's a private Jeep tour to a curated picnic on the shores of an alpine lake, an all-day helicopter excursion where you get to explore the most remote places without having to ever break a sweat, or staying at a luxury off the grid cabin nestled in the mountains.
BASED IN THE SAN JUAN MOUNTAINS, AVAILABLE WORLDWIDE
All you need is a photographer who specializes in bringing these experiences to life
I'm Carissa, and I've spent the last 7 years guiding over 100 couples through their elopement experience.
Over the years, I've learned what truly makes an elopement day special. It isn't the number of miles hiked or the most epic photos. It comes down to two things: a day centered around the significance of marriage, and a wild landscape where you can say your vows in solitude and feel the power of that commitment. 
If you love the idea of having a meaningful marriage in a landscape that makes you feel small, then you are in the right place. I'll help you curate a day that gets back to the root of what actually matters.
Learn More About the Process
"Her raw talent is unreal, and we would choose her a million times over without hesitation."
" After seeing only one certain picture Carissa had taken, we instantly knew she was the one. 
From the moment we inquired to the moment we had to say goodbye, Carissa made this process an actual dream. Wedding planning can be overwhelming, but Carissa was on board every step going out of her way answering questions, providing advice and recommendations, and meeting with us to ensure all our of our needs and wants were met. 
The time spent with Carissa were truly life changing , and not only will that day and the astonishing pictures be forever ingrained in our hearts, but the intentionality and charisma Carissa adds was the cherry on top."
Sadie + Dani
"The minute I discovered Carissa on Instagram I knew right then and there I wanted to elope and have her as my photographer. I fell in love with her pictures and the way she captured everyone's special day. 
I felt something every time I saw her post. 
She was so detailed and professional along the way but felt like a friend at the same time. She was more than accommodating to even changing the planned out locations at the very last minute for me. That I will forever be grateful for. She made me feel so comfortable and the process was just so perfect. When we got the pictures we couldn't stop staring. I finally had what I dreamed of and more all because of her."
Tara + Cody
"The minute I discovered Carissa on Instagram I knew right then and there I wanted to elope and have her as my photographer."
" We searched the internet for weeks and came across Carissa’s page and knew instantly we wanted her as our wedding photographer. 
From the entire planning process, to zoom calls, to our actual wedding day was a breeze and it wouldn’t have been without her. Carissa had so much expertise on so many different locations that helped us make our decision, including everything we wanted in our day.
We will forever cherish our wedding photos because of her and we wouldn’t change a single detail if we had to do it all over again! Almost 6 months later and we are still in awe of our photos and I tear up every-time I go through them. We could never thank you enough Carissa."
Hailey + Cameron
"My husband and I had already decided we wanted to elope in Kauai before finding Carissa, but we had no idea how we really wanted our elopement day to go.
From our first conversation with Carissa, she immediately helped ease our nerves about the whole planning process and helped us plan the most magical day. She listened to the things that were most important to us and made sure the day went exactly as we hoped.
The photos from our day are stunning! We have gotten so many compliments and are truly blown away with the photos she was able to capture for us. We feel so lucky to have gotten to work with her and be able to have these photos to look back on and show our kids one day!"
Allie + Andrew
"Carissa's magical work both inspired our wedding dreams, and brought those dreams to reality on our elopement adventure together."
"I came across Carissa on Instagram, and I am so unbelievably happy & grateful that she was the first one to catch my eye!
Her photos are absolutely breathtakingly beautiful, you don’t need a review to tell you that. What I will tell you is that her friendly personality, professionalism, and undeniable passion for what she does is the absolute game changer and is what sets her apart from others in this industry.
You’re choosing a partner in the planning process, a passionate photographer that will help bring out the wedding day image that lives in your head , & as a major bonus, you’ll walk away from your wedding day with a new amazingly talented friend."
Jamie + Blake
"Early on in our engagement, my wife introduced me to Carissa's photography through one of her friend's elopement photos. Those photos took me to another world, through her surreal capture of environments and intimate moments which called to my soul.
I knew Carissa's photography abilities would bring forth the best of any landscape, but what I didn't expect was how much her support and presence would enhance our wedding day. Carissa's expertise, commitment and genuine kindness guided my wife and I to the perfect sites to celebrate our union." 
Carissa took what was a fun adventure and turned it into a fairy-tale, which we have the privilege of reliving through her work, every day ."
Hannah + Max
&lt; Prev
 Next &gt;
AS SEEN IN
PRESS, FEATURES & AWARDS
ROCKY MOUNTAIN BRIDE 
WANDERING WEDDINGS 
SHOTKIT 
RANGEFINDER 
JUNEBUG'S BEST OF THE BEST 
BUSINESS INSIDER 
HUFFPOST 
DANCING WITH HER 
IWPOTY 2024 FInalist 
Jeeping Elopement in the San Juan Mountains
 Lauren and Rod's jeeping elopement was rugged, meaningful, and luxurious - every detail crafted with intention. They said their vows in a sea of wildflowers, held a candlelit picnic in the rain, and danced as the sun set behind them.
View the Full story &gt;
2-Day Elopement at Dunton Hot Springs
 Jenny and Tylor' planned a multi-day elopement, splitting up their experience into two days. They spent the first day adventuring in the mountains where they said their vows, and the second day celebrating and relaxing at Dunton Hot Springs.
View the Full story &gt;
Your browser does not support the video tag. Fall elopement in Telluride, Colorado
 Emily and Zach's fall elopement was magical, and full of intention. We wandered around a trail of aspen groves, they said their vows in front of an alpine lake, and then finished the day with a candlelit dinner back at their airbnb.
View the Full story &gt;
Remote Elopement in the Capitol Reef Desert
 There aren't many people that. will wake up at 2:30 in the morning to get married in the complete solitude of the desert, but that’s exactly what Sierra and Colton chose to do for their elopement.
View the Full story &gt;
Hailey and Cameron's Alaska Helicopter Elopement
 Hailey and Cameron chose to explore Alaska by air for their elopement. We took a helicopter to some of the most remote, grand landscapes I have ever witnessed. There is something incredibly sacred and special about eloping in a place like Alaska.
View the Full story &gt;
Elopement Stories
Remember when I said your photos are my biggest priority? Well here's my proof.
To get an idea of the kind of gallery you'll walk away with, and to get inspired for your own elopement experience, check out some recent elopement stories on the blog.
Check out the blog
&lt; Prev Story
 next story &gt;
How to Plan a Meaningful Colorado Elopement
 Read More &gt;
Where to Elope in the San Juan Mountains
 Read More &gt;
Planning Resources
How to Elope in Telluride in 2026
 Read More &gt;
 My goal is to help you plan an intentional, meaningful elopement experience. Check out a few guides I have written with some tips and practical advice on how to get started planning.
Planning Resources
Let's do this
Let's start planning your dream elopement
I take on a limited number of weddings every year so I can pour my heart into crafting a unique experience for each couple I work with.
Follow the link below to get in touch with me, so we can start dreaming up all the possibilities of what your day can be.
Home About Me Info + Pricing 
Home 
 About Me 
 Info + Pricing 
Elopement Stories Education Contact 
Blog 
 Education 
 Contact 
Carissa Marie Photography Intimate wedding & elopement photographer, for couples who want a wedding day rooted in the signficance of marriage.
Based in the San Juan mountains of Colorado, and traveling worldwide.