Carissa Marie Photography - Elopement Packages 
About Me Info + Pricing Elopement Stories Education Contact 
Contact Elopement Stories Education Info + Pricing
 About
 Home
To take you from overwhelmed to a fully planned, meaningful elopement day, rooted in the significance of your marriage
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
Intimate Wedding & Elopement Photography Packages
Artful Photography | Planning & Guidance | Super 8 Film
Deeper than the traditional
You're here because you want something a little deeper than the traditional.
You’re the kind of couple who would rather choose intention over expectations, and would rather have a wedding day focused on the commitment you are making to each other, rather than everyone else.
You want to do things differently.
But knowing you want something different, and knowing how to make it happen are two very different things. 
Right now, you're probably feeling overwhelmed by all the decisions you need to make. Do you need a permit? What about vendors? How do you find locations that you don’t have to hike a mountain for, but aren’t crowded with people- it all feels like a foreign language when you've never done this before.
Worrying about that stuff is taking away from what really matters: celebrating your marriage in a meaningful way.
Reach Out
Every couple that reaches out to me is at the very beginning of the planning process, just like you. 
I'll take you from feeling overwhelmed and unsure where to begin, to a fully planned, unique elopement day.
I provide customized assistance tailored to your unique elopement vision, from scouting the most incredible secret spot where you will say your vows, to helping you book the private Jeeping tour that will get you there.
I pride myself in creating the highest level experience possible. When you work with me you're getting:
7 years of experience specializing exclusively in elopement planning and photography 
 My undivided attention: I only work with 12 couples a year so that I can create a highly customized experience for you
 A 5-star experience you can't find anywhere else
Don't just take it from me, See all my 5-star reviews here &gt;
IMAGINE HOW IT WOULD FEEL TO GET:
I’ll do all the heavy lifting so you get to show up (cue the tears), and have an experience you’ll never forget.
Custom elopement location ideas that are so beautiful they bring you to tears
Seriously, it’s happened before.
I take a different approach to location scouting for you. We aren't pulling off on the side of the highway just to find a pretty backdrop, or elbowing people out of the way for a photo op. I'll help you say your vows in complete solitude, in a place that takes your breath away, and makes you think " how is this real? " And don't worry, none of my spots require hiking.
All the confusing (and boring) logistics taken care of for you, so you never have to lift a finger
Beyond location recommendations, I assist with building your day of timeline, vendor recommendations, permit assistance and providing general guidance. I've implemented a unique, highly collaborative process, so that every step is customized to you. Through the planning process we will have multiple zoom calls to plan and dream together. This direct communication allows me to fully understand your wants and needs, and help execute them just as you envision.
I'll take care of the logistics, so you can focus on infusing your day with authenticity and intentionality.
A photography experience that feels effortless to you, so you can actually enjoy your day
I take a unique, customized approach to every single elopement day to ensure that you feel comfortable in front of my lens. Photos with me are easy - there is no pressure for you to perform in front of my camera. You can simply enjoy the experience of your elopement day while I give light direction and capture the natural, unposed moments in between.
Reach Out
Here, your photos are my priority
That might sound obvious coming from an elopement photographer, but here's the thing - finding someone who can handle the logistics of eloping in the wilderness and create stunning artwork can be hard. When there's so much focus on logistics and timelines, sometimes the photos become an afterthought. 
Every single image is hand edited. By me.
With the same care and intentionality put into planning your elopement day. Because that's exactly what you deserve. 
You deserve more than a gallery with a preset slapped on, or photos sent off to some editor who doesn't even know your names. More than an AI robot editing the most important moments of your life.
With me, you're getting the real, human touch - from the human who was actually there . Who felt every laugh, every tear, and experienced the adventure right alongside you.
You're not just getting a gallery of photos. You're getting a gallery of art that tells the story of the most important day of your lives.
Let's do this
You don't want to have to choose between one or the other though.
You want the beautiful photos AND a 5-star planning experience. You want someone who cares as much about your day flowing seamlessly as they do about creating artwork you'll treasure forever.
I'm here to give you the entire package.
With me you get a fully customized, elevated planning experience, but I'm more than just an elopement planner with a camera. I'm an artist, and I'm going to create art out of your adventure.
"Her raw talent is unreal, and we would choose her a million times over without hesitation."
" After seeing only one certain picture Carissa had taken, we instantly knew she was the one. 
From the moment we inquired to the moment we had to say goodbye, Carissa made this process an actual dream. Wedding planning can be overwhelming, but Carissa was on board every step going out of her way answering questions, providing advice and recommendations, and meeting with us to ensure all our of our needs and wants were met. 
The time spent with Carissa were truly life changing , and not only will that day and the astonishing pictures be forever ingrained in our hearts, but the intentionality and charisma Carissa adds was the cherry on top."
Sadie + Dani
"The minute I discovered Carissa on Instagram I knew right then and there I wanted to elope and have her as my photographer. I fell in love with her pictures and the way she captured everyone's special day. 
I felt something every time I saw her post. 
She was so detailed and professional along the way but felt like a friend at the same time. She was more than accommodating to even changing the planned out locations at the very last minute for me. That I will forever be grateful for. She made me feel so comfortable and the process was just so perfect. When we got the pictures we couldn't stop staring. I finally had what I dreamed of and more all because of her."
Tara + Cody
"The minute I discovered Carissa on Instagram I knew right then and there I wanted to elope and have her as my photographer."
" We searched the internet for weeks and came across Carissa’s page and knew instantly we wanted her as our wedding photographer. 
From the entire planning process, to zoom calls, to our actual wedding day was a breeze and it wouldn’t have been without her. Carissa had so much expertise on so many different locations that helped us make our decision, including everything we wanted in our day.
We will forever cherish our wedding photos because of her and we wouldn’t change a single detail if we had to do it all over again! Almost 6 months later and we are still in awe of our photos and I tear up every-time I go through them. We could never thank you enough Carissa."
Hailey + Cameron
"My husband and I had already decided we wanted to elope in Kauai before finding Carissa, but we had no idea how we really wanted our elopement day to go.
From our first conversation with Carissa, she immediately helped ease our nerves about the whole planning process and helped us plan the most magical day. She listened to the things that were most important to us and made sure the day went exactly as we hoped.
The photos from our day are stunning! We have gotten so many compliments and are truly blown away with the photos she was able to capture for us. We feel so lucky to have gotten to work with her and be able to have these photos to look back on and show our kids one day!"
Allie + Andrew
"Carissa's magical work both inspired our wedding dreams, and brought those dreams to reality on our elopement adventure together."
"I came across Carissa on Instagram, and I am so unbelievably happy & grateful that she was the first one to catch my eye!
Her photos are absolutely breathtakingly beautiful, you don’t need a review to tell you that. What I will tell you is that her friendly personality, professionalism, and undeniable passion for what she does is the absolute game changer and is what sets her apart from others in this industry.
You’re choosing a partner in the planning process, a passionate photographer that will help bring out the wedding day image that lives in your head , & as a major bonus, you’ll walk away from your wedding day with a new amazingly talented friend."
Jamie + Blake
"Early on in our engagement, my wife introduced me to Carissa's photography through one of her friend's elopement photos. Those photos took me to another world, through her surreal capture of environments and intimate moments which called to my soul.
I knew Carissa's photography abilities would bring forth the best of any landscape, but what I didn't expect was how much her support and presence would enhance our wedding day. Carissa's expertise, commitment and genuine kindness guided my wife and I to the perfect sites to celebrate our union." 
Carissa took what was a fun adventure and turned it into a fairy-tale, which we have the privilege of reliving through her work, every day ."
Hannah + Max
&lt; Prev
 Next &gt;
All packages include:
Location recommendations for wild, rugged, remote locations where you can say your vows in solitude
A collaborative experience building the timeline of your day around your vision and priorities
Recommendations for the best local vendors, accommodations, etc.
The full story of your elopement day documented from start to finish
Preview Image gallery delivered to you the day after your elopement + full gallery with hi-Res downloads delivered in 8 weeks
All travel costs are included, so there are never any additional fees
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
Get in touch for full pricing
Elopements in the San Juans
Destination Elopements
Adventure Sessions
Super 8 MM Film
Local San Juan Mountain Elopements
For those who want to explore the rugged landscape of western Colorado. Starting with 6 hours of coverage and ranging up to multi-day, immersive experiences.
Travel costs are included.
I accept 10-12 elopements a year in the San Juan Mountains, and my availability is split between the peak of the wildflower season, and the peak of the fall season to ensure the best possible experience for my couples. Please see my travel schedule for current updates on my travel dates, and available spots. 
Full day elopements starting at $6800 
Elopements in the San Juans
Destination Elopements
Adventure Sessions
Super 8 MM Film
Destination Elopements
For those who want to explore some place far away. Starting with 8 hours of coverage and ranging up to multi-day, immersive experiences.
Travel costs are included.
I accept 3-5 destination elopements a year in domestic locations and abroad, during the timeframes that I am not traveling to the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. Please see my travel schedule for current updates on my travel dates, and available spots. 
FULL DAY ELOPEMENTS STARTING AT $9,200 
Bookings on my travel schedule STARTING AT $8,500 
Elopements in the San Juans
Destination Elopements
Adventure Sessions
Super 8 MM Film
Adventure Sessions
For those that want to explore a beautiful location, and document your love story along the way. Perfect for engagement sessions, anniversaries, and just because.
Adventure sessions can NOT be booked for elopements or vow readings.
I have limited availability for smaller sessions and can only offer them in locations on my travel schedule! Adventure sessions can also only be booked 3 months in advance.
Starting at $2,000 
Elopements in the San Juans
Destination Elopements
Adventure Sessions
Super 8 MM Film
Super 8 MM Film
For those that want their memories captured through the nostalgia of 8 mm film.
I'll document the entire story of your day on film, in addition to your digital photography. You'll receive a beautifully edited 1-2 minute video, set to music.
Can be booked as an add-on to any elopement package, or session.
Starting at $1,200 
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
 Your browser does not support the video tag. 
Packages & Investment
Check out the different services I offer below. My packages are structured to accommodate the spontaneous, relaxed nature of elopement days, and to document the full story of the day, so packages start at 6 hours of coverage, and range up to immersive, multi day experiences. All packages include my custom planning services, and photography documentation. My pricing is all inclusive, so there are no hidden fees or additional travel costs.
I . 
II .
III.
IV.
How it works
01
Get in Touch
Start by looking through my pricing and FAQ, then fill out my contact form, and tell me all about your elopement dreams! I'll get back to you within 48 hours with my full pricing guide, and more information.
02
Schedule a Call
We can schedule a time to chat over the phone, and dive further into all the details you'll need to know! We can also discuss different elopement location options, and I can answer any questions you might have!
03
Book with Me
Once the contract is signed and the invoice is paid it's time to start planning. We'll work together through a collaborative process to bring your elopement vision to life. I'll guide you through every step, and help you plan a day full of intention.
04
We start planning
Once you've chosen a package, then you can officially reserve your date by signing the contract and paying the flat $2500 retainer payment. All I need is your wedding date and general location to confirm your booking.
Let's Adventure
2026 Travel schedule & Current AvailAbility
This is a schedule of the current bookings on my calendar, and my availability in those locations.
I spend mid summer and early fall in the San Juan mountains of Colorado (the two most magical times of year to be there), and the rest of the time I open my calendar to destinations around the US, and abroad.
I do have additional availability beyond these locations, so if you do not see your desired destination you can still inquire with me!
July 15th - August 5th 
The San Juan Mountains — 2 spots available
This is the peak of the wildflower season, meaning everything will be lush, green, with turquoise alpine lakes and waterfalls everywhere you look! 
August
Alaska — 1 spot available
September 15th - October 5th
The San Juan Mountains. — 3 spot available
This is the peak of fall color season, meaning the landscape will have started to turn shades of yellow and orange, and the mountain peaks will be dusted with snow. 
Frequently asked questions
How long until we receive our photos?
How long until we receive our photos?
The day after your elopement is when you will be most excited to see your photos, so I always send a preview gallery of images the very next day. 
You will receive the final gallery of photos within 8 weeks. I am a huge believer that editing is half the magic of the finished photos. Because of that I take my time with editing, so that I can perfect every single photo, while also making sure to work as hard as I can to get your photos delivered to you as fast as possible.
How many photos will we receive?
How many photos will we receive?
The number of photos you receive depends on a variety of different factors such as coverage booked, whether you are including guests in your day, weather, location etc. I don't have a set minimum or maximum amount I guarantee. I curate my galleries to include the absolute best images. I want every single image I deliver to be a work of art. For that reason, I always strive for quality over quantity, but I'll be taking photos all day long, so you are going to end up with plenty :) I'm always happy to send over sample galleries so you can see examples! For reference, for multi day elopements I typically deliver between 600 - 1200 images, and for smaller elopement days I typically deliver between 200-500 images.
How far in advance do you book out?
How far in advance do you book out?
I accept bookings up to about 18 months in advance from the wedding date, but most couples book me on average 8-12 months out, and my fall calendar typically fills up the fastest. I limit my bookings so I can build deep connections with my couples, and provide each and every one with an excellent, customized experience. Because I take on a limited amount of elopements each year, the sooner you reach out the better! No matter how spontaneous your elopement day though, I'd love to chat with you!
How many guests can we bring?
How many guests can we bring?
I absolutely love photographing weddings of all different sizes, and don't have a hard limit on guest count. It's important to keep in mind though that the more guests you bring along, the more complicated, expensive and restricted your day will be. My services are best suited for weddings with under 15 guests, so if you plan on having more than that I typically require that you have a reservable ceremony site / intimate venue booked in advance of hiring me. I also highly recommend hiring a planner to help with coordinating the day, and have some amazing planners that I frequently work with and would be happy to recommend them.
How do we book you?
How do we book you?
To book with me, all I require a chosen wedding date, and a general location (to make sure it works with my schedule). To make things official, I'll send over the electronic contract and invoice for the $2,500 non-refundable retainer payment to hold your date. The remaining payment will be due 2 months prior to your elopement date.
Are your travel costs included?
Are your travel costs included?
Yes! I will take care of my own airfare, lodging and rental car to any location accessible via a 2-wheel drive vehicle and commercial flight. There are never any additional costs or hidden fees.
Any location or activity that requires extra adventuring, such as a 4-wheel drive vehicle, a guided tour (flight tours, Jeep guides, kayak trips, glacier trekking etc.) or any special gear, is covered for me by the couple!
Reach Out
Jeeping Elopement in the San Juan Mountains
 Lauren and Rod's jeeping elopement was rugged, meaningful, and luxurious - every detail crafted with intention. They said their vows in a sea of wildflowers, held a candlelit picnic in the rain, and danced as the sun set behind them.
View the Full story &gt;
2-Day Elopement at Dunton Hot Springs
 Jenny and Tylor' planned a multi-day elopement, splitting up their experience into two days. They spent the first day adventuring in the mountains where they said their vows, and the second day celebrating and relaxing at Dunton Hot Springs.
View the Full story &gt;
Your browser does not support the video tag. Fall elopement in Telluride, Colorado
 Emily and Zach's fall elopement was magical, and full of intention. We wandered around a trail of aspen groves, they said their vows in front of an alpine lake, and then finished the day with a candlelit dinner back at their airbnb.
View the Full story &gt;
Remote Elopement in the Capitol Reef Desert
 There aren't many people that. will wake up at 2:30 in the morning to get married in the complete solitude of the desert, but that’s exactly what Sierra and Colton chose to do for their elopement.
View the Full story &gt;
Hailey and Cameron's Alaska Helicopter Elopement
 Hailey and Cameron chose to explore Alaska by air for their elopement. We took a helicopter to some of the most remote, grand landscapes I have ever witnessed. There is something incredibly sacred and special about eloping in a place like Alaska.
View the Full story &gt;
Elopement Stories
Remember when I said your photos are my biggest priority? Well here's my proof.
To get an idea of the kind of gallery you'll walk away with, and to get inspired for your own elopement experience, check out some recent elopement stories on the blog.
Check out the blog
&lt; Prev Story
 next story &gt;
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
 Let's Create art out of your adventure 
Let's Adventure
Home About Me Info + Pricing 
Home 
 About Me 
 Info + Pricing 
Elopement Stories Education Contact 
Blog 
 Education 
 Contact 
Carissa Marie Photography Intimate wedding & elopement photographer, for couples who want a wedding day rooted in the signficance of marriage.
Based in the San Juan mountains of Colorado, and traveling worldwide.