Shelly Anderson Photography | Colorado Wedding Photographer 
Colorado Wedding Photographer
SHELLY ANDERSON
refined storytelling with a modern edge
SHELLY ANDERSON
Colorado Wedding Photographer
refined storytelling with a modern edge
CONTACT
 Blog
CO WEDDING PLANNING RESOURCES
 Investment
PORTFOLIO
 MEET SHELLY
A
S
Colorado wedding photographer
mix of digital and film
Meet Shelly
Shelly is a wedding photographer based in Colorado with over 12 years under her belt photographing weddings in 9 different states and 3 different countries.
Her style is emotive, curated, and intentional.. Her imagery is a refined storytelling with a modern edge. 
She shoots both digital and film (35mm and medium format). 
Shelly has been published in Brides, Martha Stewart Weddings, Seventeen, Green Weddings Shoes, and so much more.
More 
VIew Portfolio
click here
Featured on;
-Martha Stewart Weddings
-Together Journal
-Green Wedding Shoes
-Brides
-Seventeen Magazine
-Rocky Mountain Bride
-And Much more
-Ruffled Blog
-Buzzfeed
-Peerspace
-Carats & Cake
-Popsugar
-Junebug Weddings
-Wandering Wedding
-Voyager
-The Venue Report
-Wed Society
/ Kimberly + patrick
"You don't make a photograph with just a camera. You bring to the act of photography all of the pictures you have seen, the books you have read, the music you have heard, and the people you have loved" / ansel adams
Read More Testimonials
"Photography has the power to freeze special moments and memories so they last a lifetime. This is invaluable. A good photographer takes traditional photos; a GREAT photographer sees and captures these moments."
/ Jennifer + Ben
"Shelly is UNREAL, our wedding photos were stunning, capturing every intricate moment and the energy of our guests perfectly. We couldn't be happier with how every photo turned out. Our wedding guests too were blown away at her photography and can't stop sharing her photos."
For inspiration and more general wedding day tips, don't forget to
check out the blog Click here for pricing 
I would love to take a pause on your scrolling to let all couples know that I photograph people.....all people, and all their love. No matter what your love represents, or what your flavor is, I do not discriminate on who I choose as my clients. Love comes in all shapes, sizes, races, genders, ages, sexuality....you name it. It is all special and equally precious. I want my couples to feel comfortable with me knowing that I am here for you and I see you, and I think your love is beautiful.
I photograph all love.
Inclusivity
Contact
*required
+ Send
Message*
how did you hear about me?
VENUE
WEDDING DATE
Phone*
Email*
Name(s)*
Approx photo budget*
CONTACT
Thank you!
Your message has been sent. 
We WILL contact you shortly
Located in Denver, CO
Shelly is a published luxury wedding photographer based in Colorado, but has photographed beautiful weddings all along the California coast, New Orleans, Miami, New York, Portland, Mexico, Scotland, and the Cayman Islands
Give me a follow:
Contact info
All photos copyright 2025 Shelly Anderson Photography
Back to TOp 
p: 607.382.8351
e: shellbell.anderson@gmail.com
i: @shellyandersonphoto
Check out the blog!
SHELLY ANDERSON
Contact Blog
 CO Wedding Planning Resources
 Investment
 Portfolio
 Shelly
 Home