Investment 
info
CO wedding planning resources
BLOG
film
investment
shelly
 info
contact
 Portfolio
 SHELLY ANDERSON
When working together for your wedding, you are not only getting beautiful photo memories, but a complete wedding experience. After a nice chat about getting to know your wedding needs, we will create a curated wedding photography package that will best suit your needs. 
The goal is to make sure that all of your bases are covered, which goes beyond photography. Your day should be seamless from start to finish. 
With over 400 weddings under my belt, there isn't much that I haven't seen. I will have you feeling comfortable knowing that I'll come prepared for any weather, lighting, or time crunch situation.
THE EXPERIENCE
PRICING
-8 hour to full day wedding coverage
-full weekend coverage
-destination packages
-engagement session
-2nd photographer
-film photography
-rehearsal dinner/welcome party coverage
-albums
-film included in ALL packages
Offerings;
Pricing and packages can vary depending on location and time of year. Since every event and every couple are different, there are a few factors that can determine a final package price. It is important to hop on a call with each inquiring couple or their planner to go over their wants and needs. Most couples have been averaging around $10-14K for their photography. (Off season pricing is a bit more flexible).
***Please note that I do offer off season pricing, mid-week pricing, and micro wedding pricing options***
FILM
I have been including film into all of my wedding packages, both 35mm and medium format. If you're interested in seeing some of the film scans, click below!
check out film examples
ALBUMS
Albums can either be included into your wedding package or offered a la carte at a later date down the road. I do heavily believe that having a tangible heirloom of your memories is priceless and well worth the investment.
Read more about albums
Contact
*required
+ Send
Message*
how did you hear about me?
VENUE
WEDDING DATE
Phone*
Email*
Name(s)*
Approx photo budget*
CONTACT
Thank you!
Your message has been sent. 
We WILL contact you shortly
Located in Denver, CO
Shelly is a published luxury wedding photographer based in Colorado, but has photographed beautiful weddings all along the California coast, New Orleans, Miami, New York, Portland, Mexico, Scotland, and the Cayman Islands
Give me a follow:
Contact info
All photos copyright 2025 Shelly Anderson Photography
Back to TOp 
p: 607.382.8351
e: shellbell.anderson@gmail.com
i: @shellyandersonphoto
Check out the blog!
SHELLY ANDERSON
Contact Blog
 CO Wedding Planning Resources
 Investment
 Portfolio
 Shelly
 Home