About | Aspen, Colorado Wedding Photographer, Jacie Marguerite 
Inquire 
 Blog 
 Lifestyle 
 WEDDINGS 
 ProposalS 
 About 
Being raised by my grandparents I was blessed with an old soul. Raised on a tiny island called the Outer Banks in North Carolina that was and still is full of family history. My grandma would always take me to the old lighthouse where my great grandfather was a lighthouse keeper down the beach road. Going down memory lane she’ll show me pictures of my family history. In her old wooden coffee table drawer, she would pull out pictures of her growing up, traveling all over the world. My favorite pictures are in France where my mother was born! Those photos she took are now our family heirlooms. Everything I photograph, I photograph for the memories, for the history and storytelling that is yet to come. Photographed moments make forever memories turn into stories that will be cherished for a lifetime. 
I can’t tell you how many times I sat on that blue carpet floor digging in that drawer looking through every image my grandmother kept. Just for her to tell me that story I have already heard all over again.
One downside about storytelling grandparents is they don’t normally stick around as long as we would like, as do our favorite moments in time. As we grow older and those precious times start to fade we will always have those photographs to look back on, letting time stand still once again. I recently lost my grandmother, my best friend, my biggest fan. She showed me how beautiful life is, 
how to document unforgettable
 memories and to never waste 
a moment not doing what 
makes you happy. I want 
to do the same for 
everyone else.
Now I get to travel, tell my story and yours.
I am jacie marguerite, an aspen based photographer, old soul, visionary and world traveler.
About 
Cowgirl glam
capturing timecapsules
wanderlust
nan & pop
ARTS & Nature
Film photography, mountain breeze, human connection, vibrant energy, golden hour, & nostalgic moments
Inspired By
What I am really saying is that you don’t need to do anything, because if you see yourself in the correct way, you are all as much extraordinary phenomenon of nature as trees, clouds, the patterns in running water, the flickering of fire, the arrangement of the stars, and the form of a galaxy. You are all just like that, and there is nothing wrong with you at all.”
– Alan Watts
Behind the photographs...
principal one
I believe that the moments you want to remember aren't always perfect or scripted, they are uncut, raw and writhing with emotion.
My Guiding Compass
principal two
principal three
principal four
principal one
principal two
I believe everyone is an individual, so everyone should have a uniquely individual experience, tailored to their specific vision.
My Guiding Compass
principal three
principal four
principal three
I believe that it is my mission to capture every emotion and detail to make your moments unforgettable and truly authentic.
My Guiding Compass
principal two
principal one
principal four
principal one
principal two
principal three
principal four
I believe: Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever. — Peter Hagerty
My Guiding Compass
09. What is your favorite random fact about yourself?
 Ever since I was a very young girl I have been a die hard Elvis Presley fan and always will be. 
a. The Midnight
b. The Chainsmokers
c. KYGO ( four times, haha )
d. FRED AGAIN
08. most remembeable concert ive been to?
a. Ireland 
b. Spain
c. Paris
d. All of the above ( haha )
07. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
I am a night owl, waking up after 9am with cold glass of OJ
06. what is your favorite morning routine?
 a. Margarita ( always... )
b. Gin & Tonic
c. Cosmopolitan
d. Champaign
05. Drink of choice
Music & Lemons
04. What is one thing you can't live without?
 a. Saint Laurent
b. Anthropologie 
c. Banana Republic
d. Free People
03. what is one store are you most likely to shop for life?
Photograph a fashion show inParis
02. what is on your bucket list?
 a. Schitt's Creek
b. When Harry Met Sally
c. Stranger Things
d. All of the above
01. what is currently on Your Netflix watch list?
How about one of my favorite pass times? A quiz!
Instagram family
10.5K
movies consumed while editing
1,786
Party
Vibes
120%
Weddings shot
180
sessions to date
316
By the Numbers
book a session
Feel like I'm your girl? Then Let's do this!
© 2026 jacie marguerite fine art photographer | Colorado, California, New York & worldwide Photographer 
The Blog 
 Inquire 
 lifestyle 
 proposalS 
 weddingS 
 About 
Jacie Marguerite is an Aspen-based photographer capturing weddings across the globe—drawn to honest emotion, timeless beauty, and the kind of moments that linger.
Back to the top
close Navigation 
Contact 
 Blog 
 proposal 
 wedding 
 About 
 Home 
worldwide
Aspen
2018
EST.d
Apres