Pricing 
Creative Colorado Springs Wedding Photographers, High School Senior portraits, and Family Portrait Photographers 
Galleries/Lifestyle 
 About/Client List 
 About/Pricing 
 Contact 
 About/Bio 
 Galleries/Architectural and Commercial 
 Galleries/X Games Action Sports Photographers 
 Galleries/Colorado Wedding Photographers in Colorado 
 Galleries/Family Portrait Photographers in Colorado Springs, Colorado 
 Galleries/Wedding Photographers based in Colorado Springs, CO 
 Galleries/Senior Portrait Photographers in Colorado Springs, Colorado 
Pricing
When we were planning our own wedding we were frustrated with vendors trying to fit us into "packages," so we structured our pricing and services to be as flexible as possible, with a base price and an a la carte menu. So you can choose what you want, not what we think you need. With wedding photography being our main source of business, we are always aware that the images we take will be the only tangible thing that you will have for the rest of your life! We know this sounds biased, but we are not just another vendor to check off your "to do list" for your wedding. Our relationship with you is far more intimate than the other vendors you hire (other than a coordinator). We are with you when you're getting ready on the morning of, and we're most likely going to be walking out with you at the end of the night. Since our relationship with you is so intimate on an already busy, and potentialy stressful day, we strongly encourage an in person meeting before you hire us to ensure that we are a good fit with you. In order for us to stay fresh, love what we do, and concentrate on our clients, we only book a limited amount of weddings a year. Pricing is subject to change based on our bookings.
 Our 2025/2026 Wedding services start in the low $4,000's (some exceptions may apply). We also adjust our pricing for last minute, and elopements. If photography is important to you, and if you are interested in meeting in person, please contact us and we can chat more about your day, and how we work.
For most portrait work, our pricing starts at around $550, and always include high resolution, digital files. For Family, High School Seniors, Events, Sports, Corporate, Events or Portrait work, please contact us (info@camaraphotography.com) for a quote.
For any Commercial Photography needs, including Headshots / Corporate Portraits, please visit our sister company, Division One Photography, LLC