About Dave & Peggy 
Creative Colorado Springs Wedding Photographers, High School Senior portraits, and Family Portrait Photographers 
Galleries/Lifestyle 
 About/Client List 
 About/Pricing 
 Contact 
 About/Bio 
 Galleries/Architectural and Commercial 
 Galleries/X Games Action Sports Photographers 
 Galleries/Colorado Wedding Photographers in Colorado 
 Galleries/Family Portrait Photographers in Colorado Springs, Colorado 
 Galleries/Wedding Photographers based in Colorado Springs, CO 
 Galleries/Senior Portrait Photographers in Colorado Springs, Colorado 
About Dave & Peggy
Dave and Mags have been happily married for more than 18 years, and work as a team, photographing life’s important moments. Their goal is to capture the beauty, wonder, and emotional detail of weddings and events in a cinematic, timeless style; their work tells the story. Dave's a self-taught photographer, and has been shooting weddings for 23 years. When asked what he enjoys most, he hesitates to answer; “I'm drawn to all aspects of it, but if forced to choose, it seems that I'm most drawn to weddings and events, because I recognize that it is a privilege to be able to be a critical part of a celebration, and document the day, knowing that the finished product that we create will last forever for our clients. I go to work, and when I get there, everyone's happy and in a good mood."
Beyond weddings and events, Dave stays busy with photographing actions sports for ESPN X Games, National Ski Areas Association (NSAA), SKI Magazine, Outside Magazine, NASTAR National Championships, Arapahoe Basin Ski Area, as well as Architectural and Corporate photography. Check out our sister company, Division One Photography, LLC for all of our Architectural and Commercial work, including Headshots and Corporate events.
Being diversified and proficient in multiple genres of photography, allows him to blend the techniques and styles into each other, to produce a unique look that you might not otherwise see in other photographers who only focus on just one or similar genres. Based in CO, with connections to all over the US, and since they love to travel, destination weddings are more than welcome! Here's a list of some of the places they've shot weddings: Mexico (Cabo San Lucas & Puerto Vallarta), Costa Rica, Ireland, Belize, California, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, Florida, Vermont, New Mexico, and Virginia. If you are planning a destination wedding, contact us for more info and pricing.
If you have any questions, or would like to schedule a meeting or a call, please get in touch with them , they would love to meet you and hear your story! Some of their most popular Colorado wedding locations include: Summit County, Telluride, Steamboat, Vail, Estes Park, Fort Collins, Denver, Beaver Creek, Keystone, Grand Junction, Boulder, Breckenridge and Crested Butte.