About 
journal inquire details galleries about home 
BLOG CONTACT GALLERIES details ABOUT HOME 
Wedding Photography | Wedding Photographer in Fort Collins, Estes Park, Loveland, Longmont, Denver, Vail, Telluride
Sarah Christine is a wedding photographer located in Ft. Collins, CO. She specializes in wedding photography, engagement portraits, family portraits, and destination wedding photography. With a firm belief that life is an adventure worth remembering, she takes unforgettable photographs that showcase your personality.
Sarah believes that your wedding photography should be just as vibrant, unique, and beautiful as you are! She loves taking wedding portraits that will help you remember your wedding day forever.
Our Mission...
xxx
about Sarah Christine
about Sarah Christine
I tell people I am awkwardly fun! FYI I have miss spelled AWKWARDLY more times than I can count. 
I love playing Pokemon Go, I love traveling all over and the world and life is too short not to have an adventure.
"Awkwardly fun"
"it's our passion"
Ever since her own wedding photographer failed to show up for her wedding, she understands exactly how important wedding portraits are. Reasonable wedding photography pricing lets you get all the beautiful photographs you want. Dedicated to giving couples the best wedding photography experience, she is enthusiastic, creative, and fun.
I love my job, Chai tea, Flamas Doritos and traveling but mostly hanging out with my family (2 beautiful daughters and husband)
I got started in wedding photography when my own wedding photographer never showed to my wedding. It was heart breaking but it gave me a passion to start my own company.
favorite destination
Egypt or Istanbul
Random things on Amazon
Garage Sales
Thrift Store Shopping
Simpsons
Cj Archer Books
the office
big Bang Theory
winter
fall
summer
spring
3
Bags of Chips
24
mARCH
birthday
tropical
sandy beach
mountains
contact
details
our work
there's plenty more to see...
follow along @SARAHCPHOTOS 
inquire journal details 
galleries about home located in Fort Collins Colorado. specializing in lifestyle, engagements & weddings.
xxx