Home &raquo; Colorado Mountain Elopement and Wedding Photographer 
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
menu the see new work on instagram: @savannahchandlerphoto
2011 photo est. Savannah Chandler 
Elopement and Wedding Photographer Mountain Colorado 
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
CONTACT 
PRICING 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
Hello, I'm Savannah,
 A Colorado Mountain Elopement and Wedding Photographer.
Documenting weddings and elopements across Colorado’s alpine landscapes.
Enneagram 8 • Spontaneous to the Core • Summit Chaser
I'm a born and bred Coloradan who's always gravitated towards climbing the highest mountains - literally. Maybe not Everest - but you can find me atop Colorado's 14ers, swimming in alpine lakes, dancing on ridgelines, and carrying my cameras in my coveted Cotopaxi chalk bags.
read more 
every couple has a story to tell. 
A story that's wild and exciting, rebellious, offbeat and unexpected.
I strive to capture bold and spontaneous images
PHOTOGRAPHING THOSE WHO ARE UNAFRAID OF THE UNKNOWN - COUPLES WITH THE COURAGE TO ENTER, EXPLORE AND DISCOVER A WORLD OF ADVENTURE.
Pick your Experience
From quiet mountain elopements to full wedding weekends with your favorite people, start by discovering the experience that fits your celebration.
elopements 0 1 and Intimate Weddings 
engagements 0 2 and Proposals 
weddings 0 3 and Larger Celebrations 
Years of Perspective 
Savannah chandler is a Colorado-based wedding and elopement photographer, specializing in mountain weddings, adventure elopements, hiking elopements, 4x4 elopements, ski elopements, and intimate weddings across Colorado.
Based near Denver, Savannah photographs couples throughout Estes Park, Rocky Mountain National Park, Breckenridge, Summit County, Aspen, Crested Butte, Telluride, Ouray, Silverton, the San Juan Mountains, Buena Vista, Vail, and beyond.
With 15+ years of wedding photography experience and a lifetime of Colorado mountain knowledge, Savannah helps couples plan intentional, scenic, adventurous celebrations in the places that feel most like them.
Let's Start Planning! 
From the Journal 
Want to see photos from real weddings and elopements?
check out Recent stories, mountain celebrations, and planning inspiration from across Colorado. 
Looking for blog posts by location or type?
View Blogs Posts by Location or category 14ers and Summit Elopements 
 4x4 Elopements and Weddings 
 Colorado 
 Crested Butte 
 Elopements and Intimate Weddings 
 Engagement Sessions 
 Estes Park 
 Fall 
 Hawaii 
 Hiking Sessions 
 Iceland 
 Indian Peaks Wilderness 
 International 
 Maroon Bells, Aspen 
 Multi-Day Weddings 
 Proposals 
 Rocky Mountain National Park 
 San Juan Mountains 
 Skiing and Snowboarding Elopements 
 Weddings - Large Celebrations 
 Winter 
Popular Colorado Elopement 
 and Wedding locations 
It's no secret - Colorado is full of amazing mountain views, alpine lakes, and everything inbetween. 
 Here are some of Colorado's regions that I've spent a lot of time researching, exploring, and of course photographing Weddings and Elopements in. 
telluride, ouray, silverton 
Tucked deep in the Southwest corner of Colorado, the San Juan mountain towns of Telluride, Ouray, and Silverton offer dramatic mountain views. What were once mining towns are all connected via. a wonderful system of 4x4 roads that provide incredible access to some of Colorado's best views. 
BEST FOR:
Dramatic San Juan Volcanic Mountain views, 4x4 roads, alpine lakes, fall color, and remote mountain elopements.
crested butte 
A town that sits at the edge of multiple ranges, Crested Butte is an incredible unique Mountain Valley. Main Street, located in the heart of town, has lots of quaint shops and restaurants and just up the road you can take the ski lift to the top of Crested Butte Mountain. Think "Old Colorado Mountain Town" feel.
BEST FOR:
 Wildflowers (it's the Wildflower Capital of Colorado), colorful mountain-town energy, hiking elopements, and intimate wedding weekends.
Estes Park and 
Rocky Mountain National Park 
Estes is what many people think of when "Rocky Mountains" are mentioned. The town is at the edge of the national park, and you're likely to find Elk roaming around town most days. There's quite a few venues for weddings of all sizes, and you can have intimate weddings within Rocky Mountain National Park.
BEST FOR:
 Best for easily accessible mountain views, sunrise ceremonies, alpine lakes, larger traditional weddings, and family-friendly elopements.
Street Cred: 
WHAT COUPLES ARE SAYING ::: REAL REVIEWS FROM REAL MOUNTAIN COUPLES
WOW WOW WOW!!!! I can't say enough good things about Savannah!!! She is an AMAZING photographer, personable, skilled, adventure-ready, her photos truly stand out and speak for themselves! I was beyond excited when she told me she was available to do an adventure shoot up a mountain at sunrise. She's incredibly knowledgeable about locations all over Colorado and gave me specific suggestions to help me pick the perfect spot to meet me- the photos are STUNNING!! She drove hours from Denver, started hiking a ridiculous hour to summit by sunrise and the whole experience with her was such a pleasure! She helped me feel comfortable and beautiful and really went above and beyond to deliver the MOST beautiful photos I've seen. Adventurous, professional, top-of her field- look no further for a photographer to help you get photos that stand out and are absolutely GORGEOUS! Thank You Savannah - you rock! Definitely the person I want doing my photos in the future!
And for those with picky relatives (or who are picky themselves): My mom (who has never liked any professional photos from weddings or other events -yes even the incredibly expensive ones) was so impressed by the quality of Savannah's photos that even SHE is raving about them - I never thought I'd see the day. Again can't recommend her enough - simply EPIC
Maria
Savannah is amazing. She is extremely professional, helpful with planning and has phenomenal suggestions for places to hike and photograph. I have referred her to all my friends and I plan on contracting with her again in the future. 10/10 not enough stars to show her talent.
Melissa & Mike
Savannah is INCREDIBLE to work with. I am so so so happy I selected her as my wedding photographer. Her photos are next level gorgeous but she's also so fun to be around. I'm recommending her to everyone who needs a photographer.
Carol & Jonathan
Savannah was amazing. Her photos were everything we wanted and more. She was so easy to work with and helped us plan the whole day. We are so happy we went with her.
Andrea & Richard
Savannah is an amazing photographer, and is also wonderful to work with as a person! We had a sneak peek of 10 absolutely beautiful photos within two days of our 9/5/21 wedding—the pictures are gorgeous, and her turnaround was so quick (even though she shot 4 other events that weekend!). She and her second photographer, Natalie, put everyone at ease the day of our wedding, listened to all our ideas for fun things we wanted shots of, kept great track of our shot list for family photos, and went out of her way to make sure we had all the best photos possible, including setting up some unbelievable Milky Way night shots. If you’re looking for an experienced, personable photographer with an amazing eye for beautiful photos (especially for mountain scenery), you can’t go wrong with Savannah Chandler Photography!
Madeline & Daniel
I cannot say enough great things about Savannah Chandler Photography!
My husband and I planned our intimate elopement from across the country, and Savannah was extremely helpful in finding the perfect location for what we wanted, as well as a timeline for the day. She was very professional and responsive in communication. On the day of, Savannah was helpful in getting everyone where they needed to be for the first look then ceremony. The hook/eye of my dress broke literally as I was getting ready to walk down the aisle and Savannah came to the rescue, using a small thread left to keep the top of the zipper closed! She is incredibly friendly and enjoyable to be around. Savannah is extremely talented in knowing the perfect angle, hand placement, and lighting. She is also very knowledgeable about her home state of Colorado and the little-known spots we wouldn’t ever know about! When we did mountain-top photos, she could tell when and where the lighting would be perfect for certain spots on the mountain. Our pictures turned out BEAUTIFUL! We received our full album in about 2 weeks, and even got 24 hour sneak peaks the day after. I would recommend Savannah Chandler Photography to anyone, and we are already discussing using her for future photo needs (even if it means traveling all the way out to CO!) Thank you, Savannah!
Haley & Alan
Ready to Reach Out?
I knew I liked you!
Fill out a Contact Form
 and I'll get back to you in a mountain minute!
You can expect an Email back within 24 hours on weekdays, and within 48 hours on weekends.
You and Your Partner's Names: 
 Email 
 Event Date 
 Interested In Half Day Elopements: $4200 Full Day Elopements: $7000 Mini Local Elopements: $3000 Weddings: Starting at $6300 Local Engagements: $1500 Greater Colorado Engagements: $1800 Hiking Engagements: $2300 Proposals: $1000 
 A Little About Yourselves and Your Event: 
Form submitted successfully, thank you. Error submitting form, please try again. 
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
Copy right: Savannah Chandler 2026 | ProPhoto Photography Blog | Design by Jane Johnson