Colorado Elopement Photographer | Adventure, Mountain, and Hiking Elopements &raquo; Colorado Mountain Elopement and Wedding Photographer 
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
menu the see new work on instagram: @savannahchandlerphoto
2011 photo est. Savannah Chandler 
Elopement and Wedding Photographer Mountain Colorado 
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
CONTACT 
PRICING 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
Colorado Elopements
PHOTOGRAPHING THOSE WHO ARE UNAFRAID OF THE UNKNOWN - 
 COUPLES WITH THE COURAGE TO ENTER, EXPLORE AND DISCOVER A WORLD OF ADVENTURE.
As a Colorado elopement photographer with over 15 years of experience, I've helped couples elope on 14,000-foot summits, alpine lakes, ski slopes, and backcountry 4x4 trails across the entire state. I'm here to help you plan your epic elopement, wether you want to see the sun rise over Hallett Peak at Dream Lake or celebrate with family and friends overlooking the dramatic volcanic peaks of the San Juan mountains.
Ready to start planning your Epic Mountain Elopement?
Still planning and looking at locations and dates? No worries - That's what I'm here to help with!
Let's Start Planning! 
::: Just here for the photos? Keep scrolling to see blog posts as well as full elopement galleries:::
What exactly is 
An Elopement?
An elopement is the intentional decision to celebrate your wedding day in a way that truly celebrates the two of you as a couple
You are the only one who can define your elopement. 
Do you want to say your vows at the top of a 14,000' mountain, watching the sunrise come up together and celebrating with nothing but the sound of the wind? Is finding an epic 4x4 road ending at an amazing lake with a little bit of fishing and an ice cold bevvy the way you want to spend your wedding day? Or perhaps shredding champagne pow-pow and and skiing into your ceremony and being greeted by the friends you call family at the lodge.
Some of my very favorite personal days and memories are celebrating the elopements of others.
My heart truly lies in adventure - and after spending a few moments together I'm sure you'll agree I don't have a poker face about it.
I'm an avid hiker, both with awesome couples as well as in my personal time.
I have a 4Runner, ready for flinging dirt.
I've been boarding for 30+ years and am up for nearly any terrain.
But the best part - I have a camera system that's been modified and ready for adventuring. I've rigged my set up with climbing webbing and chalk bags to withstand rocks, dirt, sand - you name it.
What's the Next Step? 
What do the next steps look like? Here's what to expect when booking your elopement photography.
Booking
There doesn't seem to be a set booking timeframe for elopements - some couples book 12 - 18 months in advance as they have very dedicated and set plans for their elopement, while other couples reach out a few weeks before and we plan everything in 10 - 14 days. For prime summer and fall dates, I do recommend reaching out as soon as you know your date range as those dates book the fastest. Looking for a last minute elopement and have flexible dates? I highly recommend looking into a weekday as those dates fill up less quickly.
Reserving your date
WOOHOO! Let's go adventure and get you married! Once we've selected a date, I ask for a flat $1000 retainer regardless of package and the remainder is due anytime up until the day of your elopement - this gives us some wiggle room if you're between half and full day coverage. You can access your invoice and contract at any point in time.
Timeline, planning, and logistics
Now it's time to plan out your epic elopement day! You'll receive a personalized webpage that has all your information - timeline recommendations, how to pack your dress and/or suit, local suggestions in the town you'll be staying - think of it as your online concierge. 
We'll be in communication leading up to your elopement - feel free to reach out with any questions you may have at any point! At the 14 day mark, we'll finalize our location, any activities you're planning, and start/end time. The week of, we'll do a weather check and wrap up any last minute changes.
Image delivery
When do we get our photos?!
You'll receive a Sneak Peek of 10 - 20 images within 24 - 48 hours of your elopement and a full gallery link within 30 days of your elopement. Feel free to share your gallery link with family and friends and print your images - I want you to enjoy your photos!
Ready to start planning? 
Send me a Message 
What's the Cost? 
I believe in full pricing transparency and making things as easy as possible.
My elopement coverage is based off the time we spend together - not everyone needs a full day of photographic coverage and some couples want to backpack deep into the wilderness and are looking for multiple consecutive days of photos. We'll figure out what's best for YOU. 
Full day | $7000
 Up to 8 hours of coverage. 
 Best for couples looking to go to multiple locations, head out on larger hikes, or wanting to include family at a secondary location after a private ceremony.
Half day | $4200
 Up to 4 hours of coverage. 
 Best for couples wanting a smaller hike, 4x4 adventure, or having a celebration that includes family members. 
weekday Mini | $3000
 1.5 hours of coverage Monday - Thursday 
 Best for couples wanting an intimate ceremony and portraits to follow at a single location.
multi day | $10,500
 Two Consecutive 8 hour days of coverage 
 Best for couples wanting to backpack or who are planning on eloping in one location and having a reception the following day at another.
All packages include travel throughout Colorado. 
want to add an engagement session or basic video?
 Engagement sessions can be added on for a discounted rate of $1200 and Basic Video can be added on for $1500.
Recent Elopement Blogs ::: Stories and photos from Real Elopemets
Beginning to end ::: View every photo from real elopements
Full Day 
Hiking Elopement with Family Ceremony Brenna + Ian 
Half Day
4x4 Elopement Just the Two of Us Jenn + Andrew 
Weekday Mini
Vows and Portraits at Single Location Ezela + Phil 
Multi-Day
18 Mile Backpacking Elopement Katrina + Sean 
Ready to chat all things Elopements?
Let's Start Planning! 
Street
Cred What Clients are saying 
Don't take my word for it. Here's what real couples have to say.
"100% highly recommend! Savannah is not only extremely skilled with her cameras (on a mountain, in the snow, on a board, up to her hips in powder off a trail…you get the idea) but she’s also an amazing energy to work with! Loved her from our first call and I was *so* excited she was available for our elopement date! Our sneak peak was available literally a day after we eloped (which was so fun to keep that wedding high going) and the photos are truly magical. She made us look even more beautiful, adventurous and awesome than we thought we were lol she was a magician up on that mountain and I couldn’t recommend her any more highly! If you want unique photos that capture your day and tell your story, Savannah is your photographer. I can’t wait to order prints and share these memories with our family, thank you Savannah you are the best!! (Ps. She also did fabulous with our lovable yet remarkably uncooperative & overexcited dog, bonus points)!"
- Krystalyn and Martin
"We couldn't have asked for a better photographer in terms of skills and personality. Savannah was very easy to work with and posed us to create very flattering photos. We planned our wedding from 2,000 miles away and her knowledge of RMNP was essential to get the amazing shots fro our formal photos. We can't stop looking at our stunning photos, and our families expressed how much they loved her personality. Thank you Savannah for preserving this wonderful day for us."
- Val and Keith
"My spouse and I wed on a 14er with a wedding reception in Denver. We can't imagine our wedding day and reception as being even half as magical if it would have been with any other photographer. We asked to change critical details last minute with Savannah happily adjusting. We arrived late for the hike due to an external vendor delay with Savannah prompt, friendly, and ready to go. We were super particular about what we wanted, with Savannah more than exceeding all hopes, dreams, and expectations. We even got a flat tire leaving the trailhead around 9:00pm. Savannah literally got down on her hands and knees to change the tire for us and insisted on changing her plans to ensure our safety to follow us back into town on our spare tire. This added literally hours to her drive with nothing but a smile. Besides her photography far exceeding any other photographer in the country we researched for very reasonable pricing, Savannah Chandler is a class act who can put you and even the most persnickety of your family at ease and make your wedding or event as magical as she helped make ours. All communication with her from beginning to end was prompt and flexible with her demonstrating a very impressive, exhaustive knowledge of the most exquisite locations to take engagement and then wedding photos. 10 out of 10 would recommend."
- Jeanne and Ges
Ready to Chat?
I knew I liked you!
 Send me a message, and I'll get back to you in a Mountain Minute!
Typically, you'll get an Email back from me within 24 hours on weekdays, and within 48 hours on weekends. 
You and Your Partner's Names 
 Email 
 Phone 
 Elopement Date 
 Interested In: Mini Local Elopements: $3000 Half Day Elopements: $4200 Full Day Elopements: $7000 Multi-Day Elopements: $10500 
 Tell me your three-sentence love story, and a unique thing that makes you a Rad Couple 
Form submitted successfully, thank you. Error submitting form, please try again. 
- Frequently Asked Questions -
When should we Book?
Elopement photography is a little different - some couples book 12 - 18 months in advance while others decide they'd like to elope in the next 30 days. Weekend dates, especially in the summer and fall, tend to book faster. I recommend reaching out once you have a date range in mind!
We need Location Help!
That's what I'm here for! I'm more than happy to help find the perfect location for you here in Colorado. I know many amazing "local secrets" and am also familiar with the more well known mountainous areas.
Can we bring our Dogs?
ABSO-FREAKING_LUTETLY.
 I love doggos, and would love to hang with your furry friend(s) on our epic Colorado Elopement adventure.
Are there Travel Fees?
All of my travel is included within the state of Colorado! Looking to Elope out of State or Internationally? Contact me for specific pricing - I'm always ready for an out-of state adventure!
When do we get our Photos?
I deliver all your edited photographs within 30 days from the original Elopement date - sometimes I'm faster, sometimes it's right at that 30 day mark depending on my backlog.
Do you Edit our Photos?
Yes! I hand-edit all the images that I deliver. I don't outsource my editing, all the images that you receive in your online gallery will be edited by myself.
Are you LGBTQ friendly?
YES YES YES!
Love is love is love.
What about Insurance or Permits?
I carry liability insurance, and have many commercial permits here in the state of Colorado. I'm happy to help with your particular location to see if any additional permits are needed, or if I need to submit my liability insurance.
How do we Proceed with Booking?
Ready to start planning your Colorado Elopement?
Shoot me a message, and we'll get the Contract/Invoice process started. 
I require a retainer to reserve your date, and the remainder is due anytime up until the day of your elopement.
Mountain Elopement Guides 
 Blog 
 About Savannah 
Elopements 
 Weddings 
 Engagements 
 2026 Travel Schedule 
Copy right: Savannah Chandler 2026 | ProPhoto theme | Design by Jane Johnson