-->
INVESTMENT | zoefortuna 
top of page 
ZOE FORTUNA 
PHOTOGRAPHY 
BRANDS
PLAYBOY 
 ZOX 
 SERENGETEE 
 RAGA 
 BRYAN ANTHONYS 
 BOARDIES 
 VERB ENERGY 
 WAYPOINT CAFE 
 AUTUMN LACE 
 STRANDS 
 BROTHERS LEATHER 
 RELEAF 
 DANIEL WELLINGTON 
WEDDINGS
LIFESTYLE
SENIORS & PORTRAITS 
 FAMILY 
 COUPLES 
SHOP
PRESETS 
INVESTMENT
CONTACT
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
INVESTMENT 
Portrait Package 1 - $400 
This could be any type of portrait session! Includes one hour of shooting time, one location, and around 30+ edited photos. You receive the photo rights of the edited photos to make your own prints. 
Portrait Package 2 - $750 
Includes two hours of shooting time, two locations that are close by, and around 60+ edited photos. You receive the photo rights of the edited photos to make your own prints. 
Couples + Engagements 
$400 
Includes one hour of shooting time, one location, and around 40 edited photos. You receive the photo rights to make your own prints. 
​ 
Option to add an additional hour of shooting time for $300 
Weddings 
The 10 hour package includes a complimentary 1 hour local engagement session. Cannot be exchanged for any other type of photoshoot or any type of discount. Number of photos varies depending on wedding package.
​ 
6 Hours of Coverage - $3,000 
8 Hours of Coverage - $3,500 
10 Hours of Coverage - $4,000 
Add a second shooter to your package for an additional $1,000
*Costs may vary depending on location of wedding and other factors. 
Family Photos - $400 
Includes one hour of shooting time, one location, and approximately 30-40 edited photos. You receive the photo rights to make your own prints. 
​ 
Option to add an additional hour of shooting time for $300 
Things to Know Before the Shoot. 
Please arrive on time (or preferably, a bit early) on the day of your shoot! Traffic can be unpredictable, so please give yourself enough time to drive to the location. 
​ 
As of now, I do not offer any hair or makeup services. Please make these arrangements before the shoot and arrive ready to take photos. 
​ 
Payment is due by the day of the shoot. Cash, check, Venmo or PayPal is accepted. 
​ ​ 
The unedited, RAW photos will not be viewed, given to, or picked by the client. The only photos to be received by the client are the finished, edited photos. 
​ 
No worries, drive time in-between locations does not count towards your shoot time. 
​ ​ 
Photo rights are included with every photo package (yay!). This means you can make your own prints wherever and whenever you please without any additional fee! You have the option to go through me as well. 
​ 
Photos taken may be used on this website, advertisements, or social media. If this isn't something you are okay with, please let me know! 
Grand Junction, CO Photographer 
&copy; 2024 by Zoe Fortuna 
bottom of page