Bright Birch Films - Aventure Elopement Photography and Cinematic Films 
Menu 
Menu
Home 
Adventure Elopement 
Wedding 
Brand 
About 
 Portfolio 
Contact 
Adventure Elopement Coverage for the Wild Ones
We’ve been creating authentic cinematic wedding and elopement films for over six years now. We’ve shot video in the deserts, cities and mountains of Colorado. Through snowstorms, heat waves and everything in between.
Along with our cinematic films, we offer photography coverage for Adventure Elopements across the American West and beyond. My favorite thing to capture is an intimate mountain or desert elopement. Just two people, their very closest family / friends, and an expansive wilderness away from the bustle of a giant overwhelming wedding. There’s nothing in the world quite like it. 
Where do you film?
As an avid mountaineer and mountain biker, I’ve explored the reaches of the Rocky Mountains and am ecstatic to help you find the perfect place to tie the knot. It’s my passion to capture your story, and I’ll work tirelessly to create an authentic piece of work for you to have forever. From the highest peaks in Colorado to the sandstone arches in the Utah desert, we can recommend incredible spots to tie the knot.
Your elopement is about YOU. It should be packed full of laughs and fun and adventure, and should celebrate your commitment in a way that reflects exactly who you are. Ditch the pressure of a traditional wedding and celebrate the important things; we’re here for it! Let’s go into the woods and celebrate YOU. Love is love, and we capture the stories of ALL people. 
Do you offer photo and video packages?
Yes! One of the best parts about eloping is the laid-back nature of the process. This gives us plenty of time to capture both photography and videography of every part of your day. We offer comprehensive packages with full photography coverage, a cinematic highlight film, and an extended ceremony video edit. Our full Photo / Video Elopement Package starts at $4500. Photography-only coverage starts at $1600.
I am so excited you are considering Bright Birch to capture your elopement, and we take that trust very seriously - but also be prepared to laugh a lot along the way! Let’s hop on a video chat soon!
Give Us A Shout 
 View Our Full Portfolio 
Get in touch
Email at info@brightbirchfilms.com 
Let's connect
Facebook 
Vimeo 
Instagram 
The Knot 
Filming in Colorado Springs, Denver, Boston, and Anywhere A Plane Can Land
info@brightbirchfilms.com - 508-221-8321 
&copy; Bright Birch Films
 Design and Developed by First Light Design