-->
Wedding Photographer Services Price | Kin Photography 
top of page 
Galleries
Wedding Photography 
 Elopement Photography 
 Engagement Photography 
 Family Photography 
 Automative Photography 
Travel journey
Pricing
About
Blog 
 FAQ 
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Wedding Photography Pricing 
Your wedding is a once-in-a-lifetime event and you would want to find a reliable photographer, whether they charge low or high rates. I've heard many horror stories of photographers delivering subpar images or taking payment without providing any services. 
I'm here to ensure your special day is protected. All my wedding photography services come with a contract and are insurance covered for your peace of mind. 
Get your FREE consultation now 
Know more about your photographer 
Passion 
Photography has always been my passion. I never view it as work; instead, I relish every moment, regardless of what I'm shooting. I simply enjoy being behind the camera and capturing life's best moments for storytelling, ensuring that each photograph reflects the unique love and joy of your celebration. 
Professionalism 
As a wedding photographer, I am dedicated to capturing the most precious moments of your special day with professionalism and artistry. With years of experience, I strive to create a comfortable atmosphere, allowing you to enjoy every moment while I document it beautifully. Trust me to preserve your memories for a lifetime. 
Realiability 
Thing I truly value about myself is being a reliable photographer. I never want to tell my clients that their photos are missing or damaged, as it would disappoint both them and myself. That's why I use two camera bodies, each equipped with dual card slots, and I triple back up my photos after every shoot. I prefer to take extra precautions rather face regret later. 
Various payment options for your convenience. 
Elopement / Wedding Photography Pricing in Bay Area, CA 
Inquire to Customize package for Multi-day wedding and/or Destination Wedding 
Deluxe Collection 
$4800~ 
&hearts;︎ Full day coverage 
(No time limit within 05:00am - 02:00am next day) 
&hearts;︎ Minimum 120 images/hr 
&hearts;︎ Personalized Online Gallery: 
High Resolution Photos 
Professional color retouched 
Guaranteed 30-days turnaround 
ADD-ON OPTIONS : 
35MM FILM PHOTOGRAPHY 
2ND / 3RD PHOTOGRAPHER 
VIDEOGRAPHER 
UNEDITED RAW FILES 
USB (SHIPPING INCLUDED) 
8X8 PHOTO ALBUM 
10X10 PHOTO ALBUM 
EXPRESS TURNAROUND 
&hearts;︎ 30 Sneak Peek Photos 
24h delivery 
&hearts;︎ 2nd Photographer 
up to 10 hours coverage 
more photos and different angles 
BOOK NOW! 
Signature Collection 
$3200~ 
✨ POPULAR 
&hearts;︎ Full day coverage 
(No time limit within 05:00am - 02:00am next day) 
&hearts;︎ Minimum 80 images/hr 
&hearts;︎ Personalized Online Gallery: 
High Resolution Photos 
Professional color retouched 
Guaranteed 30-days turnaround 
&hearts;︎ 20 Sneak Peek Photos 
24h delivery 
BOOK NOW! 
Lite Collection 
$2000~ 
&hearts;︎ Up to 5 hours coverage 
&hearts;︎ Minimum 80 images/hr 
&hearts;︎ Personalized Online Gallery: 
High Resolution Photos 
Professional color retouched 
Guaranteed 30-days turnaround 
&hearts;︎ 15 Sneak Peek Photos 
24h delivery 
BOOK NOW! 
*Kindly note that these rates represent a discount for consenting to the use of your photos in our social media and website promotions. A non-usage fee is available upon request the client. 
*PRICES ARE INCLUSIVE OF TAXES 
ALL PACKAGES COME WITH A 30-DAY TURNAROUND GUARANTEE 
BOOKING GUIDE 
STEP 
I 
​ Submit Inquiry 
Free consultations available! 
Submit an inquiry so we get to know each other then discuss about the plan of your event. I will answer any questions you have 
STEP 
II 
Secure your day 
We finalize the plan and begin the booking process. I will send you the invoice and contract for your before you make the deposit. The date is confirmed once the deposit is received! 
STEP 
III 
CheckLIST 
I will reach out to you one month prior to your photoshoot to confirm the date, location, schedule, and shot list. This will help ensure everything goes smoothly on your special day! 
STEP 
IV 
ONLINE ALBUM 
Let's enjoy your day of stress-free photoshoot!
Once the remaining payment is received, you'll receive some highlight photos within a few days, and all the pictures will be delivered in 30 days. 
​A Private online album will be provided. 
Inquiry form 
 Secure your day now 
Date of your event / wedding
Month
 Month
Day
Year
Location (City / State required) 
Your name 
Your partner&#x27;s name 
Email (Required) 
Phone 
Photography package preferred (Required) 
Mini session(1.5-2hrs)
Half Day (up to 5hrs)
Full Day (up to 12hr)
Corporate event
Customize package
How did you find me?
Facebook
Instagram
Google
Referral from vendors
Referral from friends
Zola
Others
How to contact you? (Required) 
Phone call
Text
E-mail
Tell me little bit more your story 
Submit 
Copyrights &copy; Kin Photography 2024 | All rights Reserved 
bottom of page