-->
About | Kin Photography 
top of page 
Galleries
Wedding Photography 
 Elopement Photography 
 Engagement Photography 
 Family Photography 
 Automative Photography 
Travel journey
Pricing
About
Blog 
 FAQ 
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Behind the lens 
I'm Kin, a name refer to health in my mother language, but also refer to "family" in English. For me, All of my clients are like a family in my journey. I'm always happy to be in your wedding to capture every precious moment in your life. 
About your photographer 
​How'd I start this journey? 
In the early years, I focused on travel and landscape photography, I soon realized there are many more beautiful experiences to discover. Portrait has brought immense joy to my journey, highlighting the love and happiness shared between people. 
Every wedding I attend becomes a part of my own story&mdash;these moments are yours, but they are also mine. 
I continue to pursue my passion for photography, striving to serve those who believe in me. 
BOOK ME NOW 
More than just a photographer... 
Rather than just another photographer who appears on your wedding day to take a few photos and then disappears, I offer a more personal experience. I am here not only to capture the most genuine moments of your life but also to be a friend who joins you on adventures—whether it’s hiking, skydiving, snowboarding, camping under the Milky Way, or exploring new horizons together. 
From planning your wedding day schedule and choosing the perfect venue to handling permit applications, I will be there every step of the way to ensure your day is flawless.
So, why wait? Let's create memories together.
Mail 
Thank you for being part of my dream 
Photography & Travel have been my passions since I became an adult. I'm grateful to still be on this journey, exploring new places while serving others.. 
It's often challenging to maintain the enthusiasm when a hobby turns into a job, but your support fuels my drive to continue exploring and creating. 
Copyrights &copy; Kin Photography 2024 | All rights Reserved 
bottom of page