Luxury Vail Resort Hotel – Sonnenalp Vail, Spa & Ski Concierge 
Skip to content Sonnenalp Hotel in Vail, Colorado | 866-284-4411
Specials 
 Accommodations 
 Dining 
 Experience 
 Spa 
 Kids Club 
 Vail Village 
 Events Calendar 
 Ski Concierge 
 Winter Activities 
 Holidays in Vail 
 Summer Activities 
 Golf 
Weddings 
 Receptions, Rehearsal Dinners &#038; Brunches 
 Wedding Gallery 
 Reviews 
 Contact Us 
 FAQ 
Groups 
 Meeting Spaces 
 Gathering Spaces 
 Contact Group Sales 
About 
 Our Story 
 Location 
 Pools 
 Fitness 
 Hotel Amenities 
 Photo Gallery 
 Video Gallery 
 Careers 
Book Now 
Luxury Resort Hotel in Vail, Colorado – Sonnenalp Vail 
Let the Sonnenalp Hotel in Vail treat you to the very best Vail lodging of the Colorado Rocky Mountains with the warmest European hospitality. The modest lodge our founders established 40 years ago led to the luxury hotel and resort that rests at the heart of Vail Valley today - an award-winning destination intertwined in the fabric of an iconic community.
European Elegance, in the Heart of the Vail Valley 
The Sonnenalp features 112 delightfully comfortable, luxury suites and 15 hotel rooms - all with a view of either Gore Creek or Vail Village. It is regarded as one of the best places to stay in Vail and among the select award-winning luxury hotels in the Rocky Mountains.
EXPLORE ROOMS & SUITES 
The Sonnenalp Hotel is located in Vail Village
Looking for places to stay in Vail? Sonnenalp's central Vail lodging location is bolstered by Ski Concierge , Guided Adventures , Spa & Fitness , 4 Award-Winning Restaurants and Luxury Hotel Accommodations .
The Sonnenalp Experience
 Luxury Lodging in the Vail Village
PICTURE YOURSELF AT THE SONNENALP 
Sonnenalp Spa & Wellness Center 
For some, it is an indulgence, for others, a necessity. For everyone, the Sonnenalp Spa is an exquisite resource to rejuvenate mind and body.
EXPLORE THE SPA 
Luxury Suites & Hotel Rooms in Vail 
Modern European Luxury Accommodations 
The Sonnenalp features 112 luxury suites and 15 hotel rooms – all with a view of either Gore Creek or Vail Village. Each suite has a bedroom and a well-appointed, delightfully comfortable living room area.
EXPLORE LUXURY ACCOMMODATIONS 
Award Winning Vail Dining & Bars 
Savor the Culinary Delights of Vail 
Discover a world of flavor at Sonnenalp , where every meal is crafted with care and inspired by European tradition. From gourmet breakfasts to elegant alpine dinners, our award-winning restaurants in the heart of Vail Village offer unforgettable dining experiences for every occasion. 
SONNENALP'S DINING OPTIONS 
Experience the Best of Vail Village 
Sonnenalp is located in the heart of Vail Village, one of Colorado's most iconic mountain destinations. Guests can easily explore boutique shopping, restaurants, art galleries, seasonal festivals, and outdoor adventures throughout the year.
 During winter , Vail Village serves as a gateway to world-class skiing and snowboarding. In summer , visitors enjoy hiking, biking, golf , outdoor concerts, farmers markets, and family-friendly events, all within walking distance of the hotel.
Recognized Among the Best Luxury Hotels in Colorado 
Sonnenalp has earned recognition from leading travel publications and organizations for its luxury accommodations, exceptional service, dining experiences, and wellness offerings. As a long-standing favorite among travelers to Vail, Sonnenalp continues to be recognized as one of Colorado's premier luxury mountain resorts.
AWARDS AND ACCOLADES 
Stories of Sonnenalp 
We commemorate a few of the stories we've had the pleasure to be a part of over the years, as well as the people who have made the Sonnenalp Hotel the special place that it is today over the last 40 years.
STORIES OF SONNENALP 
Proud Sponsor of Eagle Valley Wild 
Sonnenalp is proud to sponsor Eagle Valley Wild (EVW) to reveal the beauty & value of Eagle County's land, water and wildlife to the local community and its visitors to increase awareness, appreciation and protection of the region's most important natural assets. 
THE NATURE OF VAIL 
Why Stay at Sonnenalp Hotel? 
Sonnenalp’s Specials & Highlights 
Dining at Sonnenalp 
 Whether you’re in the mood for a casual, lively atmosphere with live music or a quiet, romantic dinner with wonderfully delicious fare, our restaurants are sure to satisfy your every craving. 
 Learn More 
Sonnenalp Guided Adventures 
 Discover the incomparable splendor of Colorado through the unique lens of the Sonnenalp, deemed one of the best places to stay in Vail. Our guided tours will leave you with memories you can draw upon for a lifetime.
Learn More 
Private Ski Lounge at the Gorsuch Ski Café 
 The Sonnenalp Ski Concierge has partnered with the experts at Gorsuch to provide top of the line rentals and demos for skis, snowboards and helmets, along with the latest technology in ski tuning, repairs and waxing.
Learn More 
Suite &#038; Breakfast 
 The traditional Sonnenalp experience includes: Suite or luxury hotel room and daily breakfast in Ludwig’s featuring a full menu as well as a tempting hot and cold buffet and a large selection of traditional pastries.
Learn More 
Gift Cards
 PURCHASE ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Gold Club
 BOOK ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Hotel
 20 Vail Road
 Vail, Colorado, 81657 
 866-284-4411 
 Share your visit #sonnenalpVail
Join our Newsletter
 SIGN UP 
The Leading Hotels of the World
 Join The Leaders Club 
Reservations - Getting Here - Accessibility - Contact - FAQ - Gold Club - Awards - Careers - Policies & ADA - Sustainability - The Post