Vail, Colorado Wedding Venues | Sonnenalp Vail 
Skip to content Sonnenalp Hotel in Vail, Colorado | 866-284-4411
Specials 
 Accommodations 
 Dining 
 Experience 
 Spa 
 Kids Club 
 Vail Village 
 Events Calendar 
 Ski Concierge 
 Winter Activities 
 Holidays in Vail 
 Summer Activities 
 Golf 
Weddings 
 Receptions, Rehearsal Dinners &#038; Brunches 
 Wedding Gallery 
 Reviews 
 Contact Us 
 FAQ 
Groups 
 Meeting Spaces 
 Gathering Spaces 
 Contact Group Sales 
About 
 Our Story 
 Location 
 Pools 
 Fitness 
 Hotel Amenities 
 Photo Gallery 
 Video Gallery 
 Careers 
Book Now 
Vail Weddings
Home / Vail Weddings 
 Your Vail Wedding at the Sonnenalp 
Let the team at Sonnenalp bring your Vail dream wedding to life! 
Picture-perfect Vail, Colorado weddings are our specialty. From the Rehearsal Dinner to the Farewell Brunch, Sonnenalp is your venue for your dream wedding in Vail. Please fill out our brief questionnaire and allow our wedding experts to create a tailored celebration based on your unique style and vision. Visit our Vail wedding photo gallery and take a closer look at recent weddings and ceremonial events held at our legendary Vail resort. Contact us today! 
Contact Us 
Featured Sonnenalp Weddings 
Sonnenalp, Wintertime Bliss 
Learn More 
Wedding Rule’s top 10 Vail Wedding Venues 
Learn More 
Vera Wang, Vail Village, and an Intimate Pandemic Wedding 
Learn More 
Light and Romantic 
Learn More 
Breathtaking Sonnenalp Hotel I Do’s 
Learn More 
Sonnenalp named The Knot Hall of Fame 
Learn More 
Garden-Inspired Mountain Wedding 
Learn More 
Stylish Vail, Colorado Wedding 
Learn More 
Mountain Elegance in Vail 
Learn More 
Sensational Vail Summertime Wedding 
Learn More 
Reception at Sonnenalp 
Learn More 
Unique Wedding Venues in Vail 
From intimate on-site ceremonies to grand receptions, the Sonnenalp in Vail seamlessly caters to every wedding scale and vision in our many venues . Vail weddings at the Sonnenalp aren't just events; they're magical experiences. We pride ourselves on crafting moments that remain etched in memory, ensuring your special day is as remarkable as your love story.
Ludwig’s Restaurant 
Elegance for Your Special Event or Wedding 
Ludwig’s architectural highlight is the Terrace – an enclosed glass room that features breathtaking views creekside. Its retractable roof and siding are both one-of-a-kind and versatile. The adjacent Sun Room extends elegant, subdued lighting and intricate wood work. The Stüberl details feature authentic wooden beams from Germany and copper columns including German coins. The elegant Bavarian décor makes Ludwig’s a memorable location for your special event.
Grand Bavaria Room 
Full of Old World Charm 
Step into a world of elegance in our Grand Bavaria Room. Featuring intimate, high ceilings and rich, traditional décor, this ballroom radiates old-world charm. Its prime location offers a private patio that sits adjacent to the serene Gore Creek, making it a perfect venue for unforgettable events in the heart of Vail.
Creekside & Garden 
A Perfect Natural Backdrop for Your Vail Wedding 
Immerse yourself in nature's romance at Sonnenalp's Creekside & Garden venues. These idyllic settings, nestled beside the gentle flow of Gore Creek, provide the perfect backdrop for intimate wedding ceremonies and receptions. Celebrate your love surrounded by lush greenery, tranquil waters, and the picturesque beauty of Vail's landscapes.
Vail Interfaith Chapel 
A Traditional Wedding Setting Near Sonnenalp Hotel 
The Vail Chapel is located right across the street from the Sonnenalp. For more information, please go to http://www.vailchapel.com/weddings 
Gift Cards
 PURCHASE ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Gold Club
 BOOK ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Hotel
 20 Vail Road
 Vail, Colorado, 81657 
 866-284-4411 
 Share your visit #sonnenalpVail
Join our Newsletter
 SIGN UP 
The Leading Hotels of the World
 Join The Leaders Club 
Reservations - Getting Here - Accessibility - Contact - FAQ - Gold Club - Awards - Careers - Policies & ADA - Sustainability - The Post