Wedding Rehearsal Dinners & Farewell Brunch | Sonnenalp Vail 
Skip to content Sonnenalp Hotel in Vail, Colorado | 866-284-4411
Specials 
 Accommodations 
 Dining 
 Experience 
 Spa 
 Kids Club 
 Vail Village 
 Events Calendar 
 Ski Concierge 
 Winter Activities 
 Holidays in Vail 
 Summer Activities 
 Golf 
Weddings 
 Receptions, Rehearsal Dinners &#038; Brunches 
 Wedding Gallery 
 Reviews 
 Contact Us 
 FAQ 
Groups 
 Meeting Spaces 
 Gathering Spaces 
 Contact Group Sales 
About 
 Our Story 
 Location 
 Pools 
 Fitness 
 Hotel Amenities 
 Photo Gallery 
 Video Gallery 
 Careers 
Book Now 
Receptions, Rehearsal Dinners &#038; Brunches
Home / Vail Weddings / Receptions, Rehearsal Dinners &#038; Brunches 
 Sonnenalp Extraordinary Cuisine
 Exceptional service and extraordinary cuisine are hallmarks of our Vail, Colorado hotel. With four on-site restaurants and a ballroom, there are many unique venue options to choose from for your celebratory wedding events. Our expert wedding team can work with you in creating a customized wedding weekend or midweek soiree. Contact us! 
Contact Us 
Ludwig’s Restaurant 
Vail’s most unique mountain private event destination, Ludwig’s Restaurant, with its Bavarian charm, extends expert service and warm hospitality in a magical setting that has the power to combine the natural al fresco beauty with the warmth and convenience of a traditional venue.
 Ludwig’s architectural highlight is the Terrace – an enclosed glass room that features breathtaking views creekside. Its retractable roof and siding are both one-of-a-kind and versatile.
Grand Bavaria Room 
This ballroom, with its intimate ceilings and traditional décor, boasts its own patio adjacent to Gore Creek.
Stüberl at Ludwig’s 
The Stuberl’s elegance is enhanced by subdued lighting and intricate details featuring authentic wooden beams from Germany and copper columns including German coins. This special venue can be reserved for private dining events with guest counts less than 40 or included as a part of Ludwig’s Restaurant full buyout for larger party events.
Swiss Chalet 
The Swiss Chalet offers the ultimate alpine dining experience in a classic Swiss-style setting. Käse Spätzle (homemade Swiss dumpling topped with cheese and crispy onions) and delicious fondues make the Swiss Chalet a delectable dining experience for groups of up to 90 guests. The lovely and cozy architecture also makes the Swiss Chalet Vail’s favorite destination for Farewell Brunches and casual Luncheons, featuring Sonnenalp’s famous breakfast buffet or the customized menu of your choice.
Bully Ranch 
The Bully Ranch provides a setting of rustic elegance with a western American influence. Known for fantastic menu items such as the Bully Burger and Colorado raised steaks, the Bully Ranch is ideal for a more casual atmosphere, seating groups up to 90 people.
Sundeck & Pool Patio 
Creekside & Garden 
Our Garden offers an intimate location for an outdoor wedding ceremony. It can also serve as a cocktail reception location, offering a picture-perfect setting next to Sonnenalp’s pool.
King’s Club and Library 
Enjoy cocktails before your wedding dinner in the comfortable, cozy setting of the King’s Club and library. In the summer, the library opens up to the poolside so that your guests can enjoy the spectacular view.
Gift Cards
 PURCHASE ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Gold Club
 BOOK ONLINE 
Sonnenalp Hotel
 20 Vail Road
 Vail, Colorado, 81657 
 866-284-4411 
 Share your visit #sonnenalpVail
Join our Newsletter
 SIGN UP 
The Leading Hotels of the World
 Join The Leaders Club 
Reservations - Getting Here - Accessibility - Contact - FAQ - Gold Club - Awards - Careers - Policies & ADA - Sustainability - The Post