Grumpyhighlander Adventure Photography Durango 
Cart 
0 
Home
CLASSES, EVENTS and TUTORING
Services and Pricing 2023
favorite Landscapes of 2020
Durango Dog Ranch
Real Estate Services
Cart 
0 
Home CLASSES, EVENTS and TUTORING Services and Pricing 2023 favorite Landscapes of 2020 Durango Dog Ranch Real Estate Services 
Adventure and Landscape Photography
Scroll
Grumpyhighlander
 Adventure and Landscape Photography
 Durango Colorado and the world 
 Creating incredible images in difficult and challenging environments around the world 
 At Grumpyhighlander we aren’t really grumpy but we do love to solve the most challenging problems, by creating solutions for our friends partners and clients. 
Headshots and Group Pricing For 2026
Portfolios
Durango Dog Ranch ~ Winter Season Partners
Real estate services
Classes, Events and tutoring 
Images for Sale 
Essential Durango Magazine spring 2021
Essential Durango Magazine Summer 2021
more information arriving all the time and more amazing images 
Grumpyhighlander
 worLdwide Adventure AND LANDSCAPE Photography
2456 West 3rd Ave 
 Durango,CO 
ABOUT
 Located in scenic Durango Colorado, Grumpyhighlander Adventure and Landscape Photography Specializes in Creating incredible images in difficult and challenging places around the world. A superb choice for durango PHOTOGRAPH, Fitz is a durango Phtographer livinghere for over 25 years. 
Partners
 Durango Dog Ranch - the best family adventure in the southwest, Be transported though time For an exciting dogsled trip though the snowy Colorado Mountains . 
 James Ranch — Simply the greatest burgers in Durango . all organic grass fed beef 
 Backcountry Experience — suppliers of the best selection of outdoor equipment in the southwest. If you are going out on an adventure you better go to the Backcountry for your experience. 
HISTORY
 Originally I just started taking pictures for my friends climbing and adventureing around the world. This passion has blossomed into a full time business. Myself an a few close friends who are all outdoor enthusiasts from all fileds have jioned togther to create image in the places we love and to share with other the beauty of this unique planet. 
Fun notes 
 Winner of the 2020 NITEIZE photo competition 
 Second place Arcteryx outdoor Photo competition 2021
 Cover of the Essential Durango Magazine spring 2021
 Cover of the essential Durango Magazine summer fall 2021
Questions?
Get in Touch
Make it stand out
Whatever it is, 
 the way you tell your story can make all the difference.
Home 
About 
Grumpyhighlander
 2456 West 3rd Ave Durango,CO
 email: mail@grumpyhighlander.com 
phone: 970-759-3793
About 
 Workshops 
 Packages 
 Logistics 
 Contact 
 FAQ 
Newsletter
Email Address 
Sign Up 
Thank you!
Powered by Squarespace