Services and Pricing 2023 &mdash; Grumpyhighlander 
Cart 
0 
Home
CLASSES, EVENTS and TUTORING
Services and Pricing 2023
favorite Landscapes of 2020
Durango Dog Ranch
Real Estate Services
Cart 
0 
Home CLASSES, EVENTS and TUTORING Services and Pricing 2023 favorite Landscapes of 2020 Durango Dog Ranch Real Estate Services 
Adventure and Landscape Photography
Services and Pricing 
 Rates for General work in 2026
Location, location, location !
Weddings and Engagement Adventures , we specialize in adventure events, our basic hourly rates apply, however climbing adventure work is a premium service and is priced on an individual basis. For a single wedding day, Event pricing starts at $4200.00. We are open to being super creative with our clients. Please contact us through the links for more information and Pricing. 
View fullsize 
Headshots, Indoor or outdoor we provide headshots for area professionals, the session will last around one hour not including editing time done afterwards. $550.00 for the session and edits, this will produce 15 to 20 finished images 
Senior Photos, Looking for a different high school yearbook picture, we have taken many senior photos and would be happy to work with you on your project and ideas, Pricing starts at $500.00 for a basic session and we are energized to provide an entire shoot for the whole yearbook collage. 
Corporate and family events anywhere you can imagine. A fun team building event is also a lifetime memory for all involved. 
Family and Corporate Events, Family get togethers and small events ELOPEMENTS and engagements. (not weddings) starting at $850 for the first hour and $1800 for a half Day, to provide 20-30 edited images minimum for the 1st hour and 40-60+ edited images for the half day event. A Full Day including travel starts at $3400, Groups and team photo sessions available , just call , thanks 
Weddings can be in some very special places and thats our favorite. this image of ‘Miss sassy pants”. was created very early on the morning of the 4th of July, Getting married later that day!
A surprise for the family back home, that’s a big announcement. 
HIgh altitude Wedding in the San Juan Mountains at 12,00ft. A quiet private event. this can be done at the event rate as it was not a full wedding event.
Exceptional Wedding locations and services for a very special event. Special locations for incredible people are my passion. 
Worldwide locations for unique images are one of my favorite requests, if you are looking for a spectacularly memorable adventure please give me a call. 
Locations are everything, see you soon. 
Grumpyhighlander
 2456 West 3rd Ave Durango,CO
 email: mail@grumpyhighlander.com 
phone: 970-759-3793
About 
 Workshops 
 Packages 
 Logistics 
 Contact 
 FAQ 
Newsletter
Email Address 
Sign Up 
Thank you!
Powered by Squarespace