Booking your sessions - Real Life Photographs 
Real Life Photographs
MENU
HOME 
ABOUT 
SERVICES 
WEDDINGS
FAMILIES
FEMME
SIMPLY LITTLES
SENIORS
NEWBORNS
BRANDING & HEADSHOTS 
CONTACT 
Booking your sessions
Sep
 16
 2020
Share
Hello! Welcome to your blog post. Blogging can be hugely important for your website’s SEO success and for keeping customers coming back for more!  You can use your blog to share about business updates, recent shoots, cool new products, and all kinds of other things.
But it doesn’t have to be all business all the time! Readers will love to get to know the “real you!” The person, artist, and entrepreneur behind your great business. Don’t be afraid to show your personality while your write! Blogging is meant to be sort of informal, which helps connect with readers on a personal level.
So, what are you going to write about? A good way to start is by sharing your recent work.
Have you done any cool shoots lately? (I know you have, you all-star photographer!) I bet you have loads of images just waiting to be shared with your adoring fans.
Making this kind of post is really easy! There’s even a template you can follow to write a quick blog that follows all of the “Blogging Best Practices.” It goes like this:
Start With A Really Cool Title
Your title should be about 6-10 words and describe your post in an interesting way. Keywords are important, but they should be your secondary priority.
“Winter Wonderland Engagement Shoot In Downtown Raleigh” 
Something like that so set the mood, hook readers, and give a little information about your shoot. This will also help people searching on Google find you if they’re looking for a specific venue, location, or photography style!
Next, Add Words And Images
You don’t have to write a novel! Just 1-2 paragraphs of text should do. Focus on the “who, what, where, when, and why” of the post to keep it simple.
“Had a ball shooting this engagement photography session with Alex & Sam in Center City Park! The weather was just right, and the energy of this sweet couple just shines through!”
Nothing too fancy. You just need some words to ground readers, set the stage, and give your post some searchable text. That way Google match your post to people who are searching for a great photographer like you.
As for photos, limit yourself to 10-15 per post. If you want to share more, link readers to a gallery to see all the awesomeness.
Finish With A Link!
Remember: No Dead Ends! At the end of your blog, give the reader something to do next. Whether that’s to see a gallery, book a session, or simply read another blog,  give them a link — preferably a big old button…like this one!
[ Read More Great Tips! ] 
Marketing & Design
Okay, your cool blog is done. Now all that’s left is to publish and get readers. Think of blogging as part of your marketing strategy – because it really is.
Blogs help people find you through search engines. But you can also share your blogs on social media platforms to get people ooh-ing and ahh-ing over your work on your website. The goal is to show them around the place, dazzle them with your work, and hopefully they’ll end up booking their own sessions – or signing up for updates! Sharing is easy. Just click “Share” and post to the social media of your choice. Done and done.
Our last notes are about design. Both for your overall blog layout and for each post.
People are visual creatures... but you know that already. A beautiful blog will encourage people to stay & read more! Your blog comes with a bunch of layout options so you can create a gorgeous experience for your readers.
If you write a longer article, try to break up the words with images peppered throughout. Photos make for a more enjoyable read!
If you have extra widgets, you can easily embed them in the footer or sidebar of your blog. Putting in a subscription form, for instance, is a great idea to keep people hooked on reading your blog!
That’s about it! You now know everything you need to make a great blog for your business! Good luck, champ. I know you’ve got this. But if you ever have any questions, drop us a line, and we’ll be glad to help!
Happy blogging!
Xoxo,
PhotoBiz
[ Questions? Contact Me! ] 
Leave a comment
Leave this field empty 
Name
Email
Comment
This form is protected by reCAPTCHA to prevent spam and abuse. Information collected may be processed for security purposes.
Submit 
0 Comments
Previous Post
Next Post
Archive
2026
Feb
2020
Aug
Sep
HOME
ABOUT
BLOG
CLIENTS
CONTACT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
Crafted by PhotoBiz
CLOSE
Real Life Photographs
HOME 
ABOUT 
SERVICES 
WEDDINGS
FAMILIES
FEMME
SIMPLY LITTLES
SENIORS
NEWBORNS
BRANDING & HEADSHOTS 
CONTACT