-->
faq | fanciful | what is a wedding planner | how do i book 
top of page 
FANCIFUL 
floral & weddings 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
home
about
get to know me 
planning
floral design
contact
faq
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
crested butte - estes park - western slope 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
WHAT DOES A WEDDING PLANNER DO? 
There so many moving parts to a wedding that sometimes you miss out on all the little things that make it so special. My goal is to help with all the details, both big and small, so that you can enjoy both your engagement and your wedding day.  Some typical things a wedding planner will do can include: managing your budget and deadlines, coordinating deliveries and contracts, returns of rental items, coordinate and&#x2F;or book vendors, review and uphold contracts, coordinate your rehearsal, reception, and wedding event, solve last minute emergencies, meet with vendors if you cannot, and in general, take on the stress so you don't have to. Hiring a wedding planner is entirely up to you, but there is no question that they bring irreplaceable benefits. 
MY VENUE ALREADY HAS A COORDINATOR – ISN’T THAT THE SAME THING? 
While having an organized and dependable venue coordinator is not to be taken for granted, there are going to be things that fall outside of their realm of responsibilities. A venue coordinator is there to make sure everything related to your venue runs smoothly, but probably won't help with details unrelated to that specific location. What if your cake doesn't arrive or your DJ is late? Your zipper broke and there's not a tailor in sight! If it doesn't coordinate with the venue itself, there is a good chance it's not something your site coordinator would realistically assist with. There's nothing worse than assuming something will be taken care of, to find out at the last minute that (a) it isn't, and (b), you have to figure out what to do. 
WHAT DO YOU FEEL YOUR STRENGTHS ARE? WHAT MAKES YOU STAND OUT? 
I genuinely care about my clients and always strive to help your wedding day exceed your dreams and also reflect your story and personality as a couple. I will get to know the two of you so I can understand your story and find little ways to showcase that throughout your wedding celebration (in addition to those big things that you would expect your wedding coordinator to do). I want your wedding to be the one that people talk about for years, the one that can't be beat! I excel at the details and understand that personal touches are the difference between an "okay" wedding, and a wedding that will blow everyone away. Overall, I really want for you to have FUN and enjoy the entire wedding process, and will look for special ways to help you do that. 
YOU OFFER WEDDING PLANNING AS WELL AS FLOWERS – IS IT REALISTIC TO DO BOTH? 
If I am ever concerned that I will not be able to give you my best work by completing both your flower design and wedding planning, I will be honest and upfront with that at the start. Believe me, my number one goal is that you are completely satisfied, and I do not want to jeopardize your happiness by taking on more than I can chew. There are several excellent florists that I will happily recommend if handling both components are too much to do simultaneously.  To me, flowers are such an integral part to the design and flow of any wedding, so handling both duties feels very natural to me. 
WHAT ARE YOUR PACKAGE RATES FOR FLOWERS? 
Floral quotes are customized to your budget and style preferences. I am happy to provide average cost quotes for popular items, but truthfully, pricing varies greatly depending on the flowers used and the size and style of each item. I will always work with your budget. We do not have order minimums. 
WHAT DO I DO IF I DON'T KNOW WHICH PACKAGE IS APPROPRIATE? 
That's perfect! Regardless of which package you book, the process starts the same. I will talk with you and discuss your vision and get an understanding of the services you need, as well as the things you've already got covered. From there we can talk about which package is the best fit for your needs and budget, or if maybe a custom package is more up your alley. So please, Contact me!! I would love to dream with you. 
WHAT IS YOUR BOOKING PROCESS? 
For anyone interested in learning more about our planning packages and floral design, don't be a stranger! Please Contact Me so we can chat! We are always happy to talk through details and options. You are not obligated to book with us in receiving a quote or having a consultation. 
​ 
Once you are ready to book our services, I will send a formal contract along with instructions on how to pay your deposit. While I will tentatively reserve your wedding day at this stage in the process, please know that no booking is final until a wedding deposit has been received. This is the policy for both floral services and planning packages. 
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS? JUST ASK! 
Please use the Contact page to get started or for any questions about weddings, flowers, and all things fanciful! 
fanciful 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
970-567-8387 
343 South St. Vrain Ave, #10
Estes Park, Co 80517 
1140 W. New York Ave, #A 
Gunnison, CO 81230 
©2018 by fanciful. Proudly created with Wix.com 
bottom of page