-->
get to know me | fanciful 
top of page 
FANCIFUL 
floral & weddings 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
home
about
get to know me 
planning
floral design
contact
faq
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
crested butte - estes park - western slope 
LET'S GET ACQUAINTED 
Ever since I was a little girl, I have loved the details. I was the one who always had 
a bow in my hair, which matched the ribbon on my socks, which needed to match the color of my shirt, 
and reflect my personality for the day (really!). While I no longer need to coordinate quite that much, I still love creativity and design. Fanciful Floral & Weddings has been a dream of mine for 
many years, and having the ability to work within my passion is truly so amazing to me. 
Designing flowers, coordinating themes and colors, and creating d&eacute;cor are what I enjoy most. Pair that with the awesome semblance of a wedding &ndash; it just doesn't get any better than that! 
Weddings to me are such a beautiful example of what life is really about &ndash; love, laughter, 
happiness, commitment, and trust. These things should absolutely be celebrated, and I'm here to help you 
do that. While it is my job to make sure everything is just right, it's very important to me that you feel ownership of the process and the freedom to take the reins where you want. This is truly your day. I am just here to help make it the most perfect it can be. I will always listen and aim to really get to know who you are individually as well as your story as a couple, so all of those details are reflected in your wedding. I want to be a partner 
to you throughout the whole process, helping you enjoy every moment. I never want you to worry 
about what kind of service you will receive from me! My goal is that you will be absolutely enamored 
by every aspect of your wedding day. 
I would love to hear from you with any questions! I'm very approachable and always happy to 
be of service to you. If I'm not busy working on a wedding, you can find me in the mountains &ndash; exploring 
nature while adventuring with my hubby, resting in a hammock, or sitting by the river with a journal and pen (or, if I'm on vacation, you can bet I'll be sitting on a beach!). While you'll always see me as professional 
and attentive, at heart I'm the girl that is just happy to be me, lucky to have married my best friend, 
and blessed to be living my dream. 
I'm so happy you took the time to get to know a little about me. Now... I would love to 
learn a little more about you! 
...isn't that fancy? 
​ 
~ caley ~ 
fanciful 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
970-567-8387 
343 South St. Vrain Ave, #10
Estes Park, Co 80517 
1140 W. New York Ave, #A 
Gunnison, CO 81230 
©2018 by fanciful. Proudly created with Wix.com 
bottom of page