-->
packages & a la carte | fanciful | custom wedding planning packages 
top of page 
FANCIFUL 
floral & weddings 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
home
about
get to know me 
planning
floral design
contact
faq
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
crested butte - estes park - western slope 
PACKAGES 
packages & a la carte: Event Services 
Request A Quote 
 "HOLD MY HAND" 
Weddings 101 - Your Planning Consultant 
$1,300​ 
You've got this. You enjoy the details, you aren't stressed for time, and you want to keep your hands on deck when it comes to your wedding. But... there are some things that are intimidating! Does your timeline really make sense? Are these vendor prices legit? Wish you had an objective source to bounce ideas off of? Worried you are "missing something??" Maybe this service is for you! With our Weddings 101 Package, we provide guided support to make sure your day flows well for you and for your vendor team. We'll have three planning calls where together we will work through the major details and will also check in with you one month before the big day. Let us help you secure that amazing vendor team, remind you of important details, and make sure your timeline is A+ from start to finish. Think of it as a wedding boot camp where we are here to provide a Planning Outline and let you tackle the details. ***This package does not include any on-site support. For venues that require a Day-Of Coordinator, scroll down to our Base Package. ​ 
"ONE FINE DAY" 
Base Planning - Month-Of / Day-Of Coordinator 
Starting at $2,400​ 
Our Base Package is most commonly thought of as the "Day Of" or "Month Of" Planner. This package essentially gives you the support of having a "planner in your pocket," someone you can reach out to for any wedding-related questions or issues, whether it be guest travel, lodging, timeline, etc. We are here for unlimited text and email support from the time of booking up until your wedding day, plus five detailed planning sessions. In this package we provide recommended vendors for any needed category, review your contracts for deadlines and details, and create your timeline for the weekend. We communicate with your vendors in the weeks leading up to the wedding and are there for all your basic set up and tear down needs. On the big day, I'll be your Day-Of Captain, making sure vendors and guests are taken care of as well as keep everything on schedule so you can just enjoy your day. ​This plan is perfect for someone who has done most of the planning, and is looking for some assistance with implementing the details. Let me handle the logistics so that you don't have to! 
"I'LL TAKE YOU THERE" 
Partial Planning 
Starting at $4,200 
Partial Planning is perfect for someone who already has some of the vendor agreements established, but needs help in specific design areas and/or in overseeing some vendor relationships. We will collaborate together on theme ideas, and I'll provide suggestions for ways to really portray your individuality and style throughout the event. You will have unlimited planning access from the time you book (whether text - email - or phone!) and a true partner to tackle all the many details. With this package we combine our creative insights and responsibility is shared between planner and client. This level of support also includes all services provided in the Base Package. Let's work together to create a day to remember! 
"IF YOU NEED ME CALL ME" 
Complete Planning 
Starting at $8,000​ 
The Full Planning package is for the client who desires complete assistance throughout the entire wedding process; start to finish. This covers everything from securing your venue and vendor team to full event design and implementation, and can even include mailing invitations and managing RSVP's. You'll share your dream wedding ideas with me and from there I will put together a beautiful aesthetic so that your vision, and story together as a couple, flows beautifully from start to finish, wowing you and your guests. I'll help create a budget and timeline, schedule and attend vendor meetings, review vendor contracts, and provide preferred vendor recommendations. This package includes unlimited phone and email communication and assistance in all planning facets. Other wedding-weekend events may also be included (additional event assistance may increase the overall rate). I'll be with you every step of the way, ensuring it is carefree from the very beginning. I've got this - you just have fun! 
A LA CARTE ITEMS 
Add-On to any package, or Simply Pick and Choose! 
Wedding Decor and centerpieces 
 Venue Touring Service 
 Budget consultation and planning 
 Wedding Weekend Fun 
 Welcome Package: Creation and Delivery 
 Wedding Favors 
 Hotel Room Block Coordination 
 Honeymoon Planning 
 Event Design and Vision Coordination 
 Photo Book Design 
 Hourly Consultation(s) 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 All A La Carte items will vary in price depending on your specific needs. If you book a service and later decide to book a Package, any funds already paid may be applicable toward your package price. 
 Please Contact Me for more information or to Book a Service . 
packages & a la carte: About 
fanciful 
fancifulfdwp@gmail.com 
970-567-8387 
343 South St. Vrain Ave, #10
Estes Park, Co 80517 
1140 W. New York Ave, #A 
Gunnison, CO 81230 
©2018 by fanciful. Proudly created with Wix.com 
bottom of page