Vail Family Photographer | About | Story Lens Photography 
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Info 
 Blog 
 Contact 
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Info 
 Blog 
 Contact 
about
As your Colorado adventure guide/photographer, I want to capture you and your family having fun in the breathtaking beauty of the mountains. 
 Do you love the outdoors and getting off the beaten path? 
 Do you gravitate towards candid photos with movement and authentic smiles over rigid poses? 
 Are you ready for a unique, authentic, and fun photography experience? 
 If the answer is yes, then I’m the photographer for you! 
Book your session 
“I had the best experience with Story Lens Photography! I am super awkward when I have my photo taken so I was happy Lisa helped me feel comfortable and was able to capture a variety of expressions. She's a coaching pro and I am thrilled with how my photos turned out. She is fun, has a great eye and didn't waste any of my time. I will hire her again for whatever photography needs I have in the future. Great experience!” 
-Elle G. 
Hi, I’m Lisa. I am an avid mountain biker, skier and adventurer. I’ve been all over the world but Colorado always calls me home – specifically Summit County and the Vail Valley.
I have extensive experience in commercial, event and portrait photography, but my favorite is capturing fun and authentic moments in the Colorado mountains. As a former ski instructor and mountain guide, I love playing around in nature with my family and think it produces some of the best memories! Over the years I’ve discovered the perfect locations to ensure you get a unique and stunning backdrop regardless of season, weather, and age! I work with small families, pairs, big families, kids, you name it... 
I’ll craft an enjoyable outdoor experience based on your exact needs and wants and capture your most effortless smile! 
Book your session 
where you'll find me
with family and friends
 on my bike
 on my skis
 above treeline
photographing the beauty of nature
About Story Lens Photography
On location, family portrait, headshot and proposal photographer. Serving Vail, Beaver Creek, Keystone, Breckenridge, Frisco, Copper Mountain, Silverthorne, Dillon, Summit County, Eagle and surrounding areas in Colorado.
Connect with me
970-389-0012
 lisa@storylensinc.com 
Get in Touch 
All images and words © Story Lens Photography | ProPhoto Website