Sophie Catherine Photo | Colorado Wedding Photographer 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Nice to meet you, I'm Sophie! 
wedding photographer based in Denver, co 
Well heyyyy there, friend! My name is Sophie (but you can call me "Soph"), and I smile, a lot! (I have yet to take a photo without also smiling behind the camera.) I’m the type of person who is consciously aware of the beauty of a moment while it’s unfolding and who has always found human connection to be fascinating. Small talk has never been my thing, I prefer to move past the surface-level stuff and instead learn about what makes you, you. I’m hopelessly sentimental and, most important, I care deeply about your story. If you’re interested in working with a total goofball who will embarrass herself so you don’t have to, I’d love to get to know you and your story!
Based in Denver, Colorado but willing to travel anywhere for a good time 
see my work
featured blog posts 
rocky mountain national park engagement sesion |abigail + Ben 
denver boho rooftop-elopement |javeon + paige 
Estes park wedding | Ashly + Sebastian 
“Hands down the best photographer I have ever worked with!!!! She is charming, engaging, creative, timely, organized, funny, kind, & so so talented!!! My husband & I had our engagement & wedding photos done & my mom & I had a mini mother’s day session with her & ALL of results were amazing!! Her style of photography is so dramatic & raw, she gives you SO many photos back which is amazing, & her prices are so fair. I cannot wait to continue working with her for future photography needs & I recommend that anyone in Michigan snag up the opportunity to get captured by her ASAP!!!!”
- Matison 
THANKs FOR BEING HERE 
Some things to note: I’m not really interested in the perfect or the posed. I'm more interested in your storyline and everything that has led you to this time in your life. Your wedding day is a product of all the days that you and your love have lived together. It’s a celebration of the joining of two lives, two families, and the beginning of a new chapter in your story. I believe that your wedding day should be documented in a way that reflects your values, your people that mean the most to you, and your most precious moments. As your wedding photographer, I’m here to capture images that will take you back to the emotion-filled moments of your day and to remind you to be present so you can really soak it all in.
Thank you for being here. To be a witness to so many beautiful moments is one of the greatest honors.
learn more
let&#x27;s connect
a photojournalist of your life & love 
LGBTQIA+ FRIENDLY | BIPOC INCLUSIVE | ALL HUMANS WELCOMED!
home
about
inspired by the human experience. 
galleries
investment
connect
Copyrights ©Flothemes 2026 | Designed by Madeline Wiggins Co 
Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
Back to Top
Check me out on instagram
@sophiecatherinephoto
Can confirm that Delaney has some really cool pare 
A day to remember!! 🫶🏼 Second shot for @abbyrinde 
Lindsey & Mylo, the best of buddies 🤍 
I had this long, drawn out, wordy caption typed ou 
A collaborative, stunning day at Ten Mile Station 
Can’t wait to see Washington again but this time i 
A morning in the studio to document some maternity 
Yes, North Star Gatherings is as incredible as it 
Been going through old film photos and realized I