About Soph - Sophie Catherine Photo 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
You can call me soph! 
Hey, there! My name is Sophie, but feel free to call me "Soph". I grew up in Michigan but decided to see what the west had to offer and moved to Colorado in 2022! I document weddings, elopements and lifestyle imagery for those who love deeply and who appreciate the little things in life. I’m a sentimental, reminisce-on-a -moment-that-happened-years-ago kind of person and I have always found great happiness in getting to know people, and, I mean, REALLY know them: what makes them who they are, whom they love, and how they express that love. Human connection has always inspired me, and I love any and all types of storytelling.
I've always valued connection, curiosity, intentionality, inclusivity, vulnerability and laughter. Oh, and if you're as sarcastic as I am, we'll get along great! Let’s laugh until we snort, discuss our favorite music, and ponder life’s greatest questions together.
My life in photos 
Certified goofball
My life peaked the summer I studied photojournalism abroad
A family gal!! My favorite people
Love me a national park adventure
Always looking for the best place to watch a sunset
Dedicated dog aunt
An avid concert-goer. Look at Mumf & Sons performing 2 feet in front of me!!
My "why" 
I started photography as a creative outlet for myself and it soon blossomed into my hobby and when I was wanting to learn more, I decided to study it in college. I’m a photographer because I want to connect with people and I’m curious about all the messy, imperfect, and little things that make us human. Photography allows me to visually record both the small and the big moments that make up our lives. I believe everyone has a unique story worthy of documentation.
“There are not enough good things that I could say about working with Sophie, but I’ll give it my best shot. Working with her is like working with a friend, and from that first facetime call (where we talked more Pride and Prejudice and hiking than business), I knew that I had gotten so lucky to find her business! Each session was so comfortable and as two people who do not get photographed a ton, her instruction was much needed! Each and every picture we received were not only delivered in a timely manner, but were edited and captured with perfection. Will always and forever more recommended Sophie as a photographer!” 
- hannah 
let&#x27;s hang out
A photojournalist of weddings & elopements for the nostalgic and deeply in love.
view the blog for more 
FOLLOW along with me on Instagram
Can confirm that Delaney has some really cool pare 
A day to remember!! 🫶🏼 Second shot for @abbyrinde 
Lindsey & Mylo, the best of buddies 🤍 
I had this long, drawn out, wordy caption typed ou 
A collaborative, stunning day at Ten Mile Station 
Can’t wait to see Washington again but this time i 
A morning in the studio to document some maternity 
Yes, North Star Gatherings is as incredible as it 
Been going through old film photos and realized I 
home
about
inspired by the human experience. 
Galleries
investment
connect
Copyrights ©Flothemes 2026 | Designed by Madeline Wiggins Co
Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
Back to Top