Rocky Mountain National Park Engagement Session | Abigail + Ben - Sophie Catherine Photo 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Rocky mountain national park engagement session | abigail + ben 
On a crisp autumn morning in October, Abigail, Ben and I headed into Rocky Mountain National Park at sunrise for their engagement session. They're both originally from North Carolina and had recently relocated to Boulder, Colorado. Abigail is a snowboard instructor and Ben renovates vans to live in (how cool, am I right). I was so so excited when Abigail and Ben asked that we shoot in Rocky Mountain National Park for their engagement session because I had never shot there before! The park can get busy (especially during the fall time) so we decided to do an early morning wake up call and start at sunrise. It turned out to be a really good idea because the light was stunning (purple hues to the west and beautiful orange light on the mountains to the east). We even got to see a ton of migrating elk and listen to their bugling while we shot. There were tons of wildlife photographers on the road photographing them which was fun to see! 
It was a bit cold (it was the beginning of October) but once the sun rose above the mountains it warmed up! I loved getting to know these two and there is no better way (in my opinion) to relate with people than to experience something new and beautiful together! I am dying to get back to Rocky Mountain at sunrise again to photograph more beautiful couples for engagement sessions or elopements! There are tons of spots to explore and there is no shortage of beautiful views and inspiring landscapes. It’s places like these that make me want to tell all of my couples that they should elope haha! 
If you'd love to explore Rocky Mountain National Park for your engagement session or would love to elope somewhere in the park, inquire here ! 
FOLLOW along with me on Instagram
Can confirm that Delaney has some really cool pare 
A day to remember!! 🫶🏼 Second shot for @abbyrinde 
Lindsey & Mylo, the best of buddies 🤍 
I had this long, drawn out, wordy caption typed ou 
A collaborative, stunning day at Ten Mile Station 
Can’t wait to see Washington again but this time i 
A morning in the studio to document some maternity 
Yes, North Star Gatherings is as incredible as it 
Been going through old film photos and realized I 
home
blog
inspired by the human experience. 
about
investment
connect
Copyrights ©Flothemes 2026 | Designed by Madeline Wiggins Co
Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
Back to Top