Denver Boho Rooftop Elopement | Paige + Javeon - Sophie Catherine Photo 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
denver boho rooftop elopement | javeon + paige 
This was the most stunning February day for Javeon and Paige’s Denver boho rooftop elopement. We started the day by having them help get each other ready in a stunning AirBnb downtown, then headed up to a rooftop nearby to take photos and pop some champagne, and ended the day by walking around downtown to find more spots for photos. 
In my opinion, there are TONS of benefits to eloping. When I shot this downtown Denver elopement, I was reminded of a few: you can choose to go anywhere you'd like (somewhere meaningful to your relationship or somewhere you've always wanted to go together), you get a ton of time to take portraits together without needing to rush, and you get to spend alll day together from the getting ready at an awesome AirBnB and beyond! Your wedding day is about you two and your marriage, so you should spend as much time together on your wedding day as possible! Eloping gives you the option to get creative with your day because there isn’t a strict timeline or anywhere you really need to be. I love that eloping gives you the freedom to create a day that is ideal to you and your partner (and make it about you two and not others). 
Javeon and Paige were super brave to pick February for their elopement, but you wouldn’t know it was the dead of winter by how sunny and beautiful of a day it was. The rooftop gave such stunning views of the city and these two love the downtown feel so it was the perfect location to elope at! I’m always happy to help you find a cool location that would fit your personality! 
Think a city elopement is what you and your partner would like to do? Inquire here ! 
FOLLOW along with me on Instagram
Can confirm that Delaney has some really cool pare 
A day to remember!! 🫶🏼 Second shot for @abbyrinde 
Lindsey & Mylo, the best of buddies 🤍 
I had this long, drawn out, wordy caption typed ou 
A collaborative, stunning day at Ten Mile Station 
Can’t wait to see Washington again but this time i 
A morning in the studio to document some maternity 
Yes, North Star Gatherings is as incredible as it 
Been going through old film photos and realized I 
home
blog
inspired by the human experience. 
about
investment
connect
Copyrights ©Flothemes 2026 | Designed by Madeline Wiggins Co
Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
Back to Top