Investment - Sophie Catherine Photo 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
Home 
About Soph 
Galleries 
Information 
Experience 
Investment 
Travel 
Inquire 
An Investment You'll Never Regret 
After all the dreaming, planning, and experiencing your wedding day is done, all you'll have to remember it by are your photos. Something else to consider when looking for a wedding photographer is that they will be one of the people that you spend the most time with on your wedding day! This emphasizes the importance of truly connecting with and trusting your wedding photographer. Personally, the better I know you, the easier it will be for me to document your story in the most authentic way possible. Creating these connections and getting to know my couples is my favorite part of the job and one of the most essential aspects of it! 
“Sophie is amazing! She takes the time to get to know you so she can give you the best experience! Sophie blends well with all groups, makes you feel like you’ve known her forever! At the end of our wedding everyone was saying how much they loved her and how sweet she was. We absolutely love how our photos turned out! She helped make our most special day the very best & captured every moment! We will forever be grateful for that! Can’t wait to have her capture more of our special moments!” 
- madysen 
Weddings 
Whether you're keeping it small with an intimate group of friends and family or you're throwing a huge party with all your favorite people, I'm stoked to document it! 
Couples on average invest $5000-$7000+ 
Let&#x27;s do this!
Elopements 
For the untraditional lovers looking to do things their way. 
Couples on average invest $3000+ 
let&#x27;s do this!
couples & lifestyle 
Intentional moments documented of you and your love(s) at home, in the mountains, or anywhere that's meaningful. 
Family, maternity, newborn, etc starting at 1 hour for $550 
Engagement & couples sessions starting at 1 hour for $650 
let&#x27;s do this!
All wedding & elopement packages have a la carte options including a $450 engagement session if you book your wedding or elopement with me! 
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME ON INSTAGRAM
Can confirm that Delaney has some really cool pare 
A day to remember!! 🫶🏼 Second shot for @abbyrinde 
Lindsey & Mylo, the best of buddies 🤍 
I had this long, drawn out, wordy caption typed ou 
A collaborative, stunning day at Ten Mile Station 
Can’t wait to see Washington again but this time i 
A morning in the studio to document some maternity 
Yes, North Star Gatherings is as incredible as it 
Been going through old film photos and realized I 
home
about
inspired by the human experience. 
Galleries
investment
connect
Copyrights ©Flothemes 2026 | Designed by Madeline Wiggins Co
Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
Back to Top