About - Justin Edmonds Photography - Colorado Wedding Photographers 
Skip to content 
Portfolio Expand 
Weddings 
Engagements 
SERVICES 
ABOUT 
blog 
INFO Expand 
CLIENTS 
Planning Tips 
COLORADO WEDDING VENUES 
ENGAGEMENT PHOTO LOCATIONS 
Inquire 
Toggle Menu 
meet justin
GET TO KNOW YOUR THIRD WHEEL
I’m proud to be a homeowner in Denver’s Villa Park neighborhood with my wife, Amy.
I’m a graduate of the University of Denver and a native of the Mile High City. I was recently voted as one of the Top 100 Wedding Photographers in the world for the fifth consecutive year by the Wedding Photojournalist Association.
We just got married in October of 2023. My wife and I each spent our childhoods exploring what this great state has to offer. I enjoy the adrenaline rush of snowboarding steep and deep powder and descending a mountain pass on my mountain or road bike bike. I make spaghetti and meatballs from scratch. If there is a good beer, I’ve either had it or it’s on my list. Family gatherings are loud and full of laughter.
I’m incredibly fortunate to love what I do for a living.
214
WEDDINGS PHOTOGRAPHED
2471
Unique Beers Tasted
+1.0
Best 18-HoLE GOLF ROUND
2202
ROAD BIKE MILES LAST YEAR
PHOTOS BY TRAVIS HAUGHTON, TRENT & STACY GILLESPIE AND MICHAEL CIAGLO
PHOTOS BY TRAVIS HAUGHTON, TRENT & STACY GILLESPIE AND MICHAEL CIAGLO
Voted a Top 100 Wedding Photographer in the World five years running by the WPJA, Justin Edmonds documents your day with bold, storytelling images.
I will be the hardest working photographer that you could ever hire and strive to produce dynamic images that you will display in your home as a piece of art.
My goal with every wedding is to document all of the important moments and also the ones that you didn’t even know that happened. The wedding day will fly by so I’ll tell the complete story so you can relive it all for generations. I care about your images as much as you do because I have an immense amount of pride in my passion and profession.
As a Denver photojournalist working for clients such as Getty Images, Sports Illustrated and The New York Times, I have captured fleeting moments that only happen once. Photographing several assignments a day, on deadline, is the best way to prepare for the chaos of a wedding day. I bring that same experience to each and every one of my couples’ weddings and I can’t wait to work with you both.
FREE PLANNING TIPS & ADVICE
7 reasons why you need to hire a real photojournalist for your wedding
READ MORE 
”
“Justin completely exceeded expectations&#8230;”
“Justin was a pleasure to work with on our wedding day &#8211; he is energetic, professional, and extremely well organized. His preparedness and adaptability made the day run smoothly despite a challenging location and variable conditions..”
JANE + DAVID 
pricing info
Real weddings don&#8217;t fit neatly into four, six or even eight hour packages. Our collections don&#8217;t require you to know your timeline months before your wedding.
As a documentary photographer, I crave moments. And it turns out a lot of moments happen before most photographers arrive or after they leave. That&#8217;s why all of our collections include full day coverage!
We&#8217;ll work together to make sure I&#8217;m there for all the great moments you expect, and the ones you don&#8217;t. You&#8217;ll never have to worry about planning your day around the photographer&#8217;s schedule.
Wedding collections start at $5200 and always include:
 &#8211; full day coverage with two photographers
 &#8211; online image gallery for viewing and downloading
 &#8211; full resolution digital images with print release
 &#8211; carefully crafted timeline and quick turnaround
 Fill out the form on the right to check our availability and find a time for us to learn what&#8217;s important to you.
quick inquiry
How were you referred to us? * 
 SUBMIT INQUIRY 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to submit the form
Portfolio 
Recent Work 
About 
Wedding Tips 
Why hire a photojournalist 
Make the most of your morning 
Wedding planning flow chart 
Why do a first look 
How to plan family photos 
How to pick a photographer 
Engagement Tips
What to wear 
Colorado Engagement Locations 
When to take engagement photos 
How to include your dog 
For Photographers
Wedding Lighting Photo Workshop 
Denver Wedding Venues
Briar Common Brewery 
Denver Museum of Nature and Science 
Grand Hyatt Denver 
Great Divide Brewery 
Greek Orthodox Cathedral 
Ironworks Denver 
Mile High Station 
Seawell Ballroom 
Space Gallery 
Cheesman Park 
Moss
Denver Botanic Gardens
Blanc
Clocktower Events
Skylight
The Barn at Raccoon Creek 
Ritz Carlton Denver
Northern Colorado Wedding Venues
Lyons Farmette 
Rembrandt Yard 
Skyview at Fall River Village
Stanley Hotel
Della Terra
Lionsgate Event Center
Sunrise Ampitheatre
Mountain Wedding Venues
Arapahoe Basin 
Aspen Wedding Deck 
Beaver Creek Wedding Deck 
Blackstone Rivers Ranch 
Chapel at Beaver Creek 
Camp Hale 
Deer Creek Valley Ranch 
Lynn Britt Cabin 
Piney River Ranch 
Saddleridge Beaver Creek 
Sapphire Point 
Snowmass Cottages 
Tenmile Station 
Vail Golf Club 
Warren Station 
Timber Ridge
Vail Wedding Deck
Solitude Station
San Sophia Overlook
Devils Thumb Ranch
Donovan Pavillion
Southern Colorado Wedding Venues
Cherokee Ranch and Castle 
Crooked Willow Farms 
Garden of the Gods Club 
Sanctuary Golf Course 
The Broadmoor 
FOLLOW US
 Facebook 
Instagram 
(720) 971-5767
JUSTIN@JCEDMONDS.COM
DENVER, CO 80204
Privacy Policy   |  Copyright & Terms   |  Sitemap 
All images & content &copy; 2026 Justin Edmonds Photography
client login
For personal privacy, client galleries are password protected. To login, the password is &#8220;YYYYMMDDlastname,&#8221; where the date is the day of the shoot (wedding day or engagement session) and last name can be either last name. Passwords are case-sensitive, and names are always lowercase. 
For example, the password for a July 3, 2018 wedding between John Smith and Sarah Kline would be either 20180703smith or 20180703kline .
Portfolio 
Services 
About 
Blog 
Planning Tips 
Clients 
Venues 
Inquire 
Facebook 
Instagram