Weddings, Events, Portraits, Boudoir | Authentic Moments Photography | Denver 
When we work together, you’ll get photos that not only look like you: they'll feel 
 like you. Whether you're planning a wedding, booking a portrait session, or exploring a
 boudoir shoot here in Denver, you can expect empathy, artistry, and a quiet focus on the
 moments that matter most.
What kind of photography do you need?
Pick an option below to learn more.
Weddings
candid, true-to-life photos for every kind of couple and every kind of wedding
Events
vivid, candid coverage of your celebration, gathering, or conference
Portraits
artful, relaxed portraits which go beyond looking like you, they feel like you
Boudoir
Inclusive, body-affirming boudoir for every identity: be seen how you see yourself
When we work together, you’ll get photos that not only look like you: they'll feel 
 like you. Whether you're planning a wedding, booking a portrait session, or exploring a
 boudoir shoot here in Denver, you can expect empathy, artistry, and a quiet focus on the
 moments that matter most.
Reflections from my past clients
Actual quotes from past clients on my Google profile 
Beautiful! Andrew was wonderful to work with. From the consultation to the wedding day
 he was communicating with me the entire time. My photos captured the day in a way I
 didn't expect. As a bride you wonder how everyone else experiences your day.
 Andrew captured it all and left us with wonderful memories. I HIGHLY recommend
 any bride to work with Authentic Moments. You are truly in great hands. Thank you Andrew
 :) — Ayla, Wedding
Amazing experience with this photographer. We had the experience during a cloudy day
 that turned rainy, that didn’t stop Andrew at all! He took some amazing quality
 pics while we could outside, and even extended our session a bit to finish in
 his photo studio when the weather wouldn’t permit us to finish outdoors. 15/10 would
 recommend this service! You won’t miss an unforgettable moment! — Vivian, Couple
 Portrait
Andrew was absolutely amazing! … The actual event was chaotic with several family
 dynamics … but Andrew handled the event with grace and understanding. … The
 gallery that Andrew had put together beautifully encapsulated the event in its entirety
 and gave us photos that we will enjoy for a lifetime. If you are looking for a
 Denver photographer, go with Andrew. — Mallory, Family Reunion
Doing a boudoir shoot with Andrew was genuinely a great experience. Posing without
 clothing can be a nerve-wracking thing to do, and I felt totally comfortable
 with him right from the start. He had wonderful and unique ideas, was easy to
 communicate with, had friendly guidance, was super professional, and (most importantly)
 made the experience relaxed and fun. I highly recommend him for anyone who wants to
 capture this side of themselves, either for a loved one or for themselves. — Scott,
 Boudoir
Let's talk! 
Send Email 
 Send SMS 
Thanks! I'll get back to you as soon as I can!
home 
 boudoir 
 events 
 portraits 
 weddings 
email 
 phone 
 sms 
 privacy 
 schedule 
All images are my own work, and are
shared with explicit written permission.
301 Inverness Way S
Englewood, CO 80112
Copyright © 2025 by Andrew Miner.
All Rights Reserved.