Engagement Inquiry &raquo; Be Boulder Photography 
Home 
 Families - Family Sessions 
 - Mini Sessions 
 - What to Wear for Families 
Seniors & Grads - Seniors & Grads Sessions 
 - What to Wear for Seniors 
Weddings - Wedding Inquiries 
 - Elopement Inquiries 
 - Engagement Sessions 
Branding - Custom Branding Sessions 
 - What to Wear for Branding Sessions 
 - Marketing & Editorial 
Boudoir Sessions 
 Resources - Blog 
 - Pricing 
 - Book Me 
 - Contact Me 
 - FAQ 
 - My Story 
 - Testimonials 
 - Locations 
 - Hair and Makeup 
 - Client Access 
Home 
 Resources Pricing 
 Book Me 
 Contact 
 Vendors 
 Locations 
 FAQ 
 About Me 
 Testimonials 
 What to Wear for Families 
 What to Wear for Your Branding Session 
 What to Wear for Seniors 
Blog 
Families Family Session Inquiry 
 Seniors & Grads 
 Mini Sessions 
Couples Weddings 
 Elopements 
 Engagement & Couples 
 Boudoir 
Branding Custom Branding Sessions 
 Commercial and Editorial 
ENGAGEMENTS & COUPLES
I love working with couples (engaged or not, LBGTQ+ or not, everyone is welcome) and I'm so glad you found me!
I love these shoots because they offer a great opportunity to get to know my wedding couples. 
And for couples that aren't engaged, sessions are a fabulous way to celebrate your love, and possibly share your connection with the world.
We can also work proposals in, if there's a surprise in the works. I love to capture a "planned spontaneous-looking" proposal ;-)
These photos make great gifts for family, announcement images, and photos for wedding thank-you notes!
Once you sign up for a session, I will help you choose the best location, and to plan what to wear and bring, so you look incredible. We can video chat beforehand to look at outfit options. I even connect you with hair and makeup artists who can make you look amazing on camera and in real life.
Sessions vary based on length of time, number of outfits and where you'd like to go, but your price always includes a full set of high-resolution digital files (beautifully edited so you both look your best), delivered in an online gallery.
Eleanor did an amazing job with our engagement photos and our wedding photos. She is professional, has quick turnaround time, and is great at capturing the important moments in our lives in a very authentic way. We'll definitely use her again in the future! 
 —Kim Marcuche
Eleanor was so wonderful to work with and her photos are amazing!! She was so easy and fun to shoot with. The pictures she took were everything and more for what we wanted for our engagement photos. My fiance' does not usually enjoy getting his picture taken and even he had a great time during the shoot ;) Thank you Eleanor for capturing such wonderful memories! We will definitely be using Be Boulder Photography again!! 
 —Megan Patrash
After your shoot:
In about 2-3 weeks, I will email you a full gallery. It will be live for one year, after which it will expire.
You will also have access to many products available after your shoot. To see what I offer please visit
 my Print Store .
*Please note that if you choose to have your digital files printed elsewhere, I cannot control the color or quality of the product.
TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Email is the best way to reach me, so please shoot me a note at eleanor@beboulderphotography.com or fill out the form below! 
Name 
 Email 
 Message 
Form submitted successfully, thank you. Error submitting form, please try again. 
instagram @beboulderphotography 
be boulder photography: boulder wedding photographer, boulder engagement photographer, boulder family photographer, boulder professional portrait photographer, boulder senior picture photographer, boulder branding photographer, boulder head shot photographer, winter mini sessions, fall mini sessions 
copyright 2023 be boulder photography | ProPhoto Photography Template | BY THE DESIGN SPACE