Wild Bliss Photography | Fort Collins Photographer 
portfolio Branding portraits seniors weddings about us 
 home contact 
 THE STUDIO 
MINI SESSIONS 
portrait, branding & wedding photographers 
based in northern colorado
Branding 
weddings 
portraits & lifestyle 
experience
choose your
Mini Sessions Available
We know a photoshoot is very personal and you want to make sure you book with photographers that you will connect with. Our main goal is make your session relaxed, fun, genuine and show case your personality. Let's create timeless images - the raw candid moments that tell your story. 
- Wild Bliss Photography
Oh Hey!
meet the team
Kind Words
Jessica G.
"I love working with Wild Bliss Photography and am always happy with their portraits! They not only create beautiful portraits but also wonderful memories through making the experience fun and enjoyable. They are patient with kids, flexible, professional, and delivered my portraits quickly. I will be returning to then for more portraits in the future."
Brianna N.
​
"I have worked with Jessica and Candice for both my business and family photos. I will never use anyone else! They are professional, reliable and truly listen to your vision. Not only are they super talented, but also so friendly, fun and make you feel comfortable in front of the camera, capturing true to life photos!"
Jasmine G.
I'm not super comfortable in front of the camera and I usually hate photos of me, but I loved and was shocked by all of our engagement and wedding photos. The way the capture light paired with their low key style made the picture look natural and (more) candid. Highly recommend! 
Sandy M.
Wild Bliss was great to work with - very professional, very motivated to get the right shots, and very comfortable! I liked their approach to photography - casual, yet professional. They did an awesome job of capturing my business rebranding efforts and I highly recommend them!
Hannah H.
Candice and Jessica are wonderful to work with, capturing different angles, great poses and chasing beautiful lighting. They are both so talented at what they do together! Highly recommend them for your photography needs and to capture memories in life.
‪(970) 672-0633‬ 
info@wildblissphotography.com 
© 2026 Wild Bliss Photography. All rights reserved. 
@Wildbliss_photography 
 instagram
follow us on
northern Colorado 
weddings, portraits + Branding photography
148 west oak street
fort collins, co 80524
contact branding portraits weddings about home portfolio FAQ