Colorado Wedding Photographer | Wild Bliss Photography, NOCO 
portfolio Branding portraits seniors weddings about us 
 home contact 
 THE STUDIO 
MINI SESSIONS 
Book your wedding day 
First of all.... congratulations! We know this is one of the most exciting times in your life! Booking your wedding photographer can be overwhelming and we hope that we can make your day even more perfect than you imagined! We will be there to capture all that dreamy light and romantic moments. Your special day FULL of joy and emotion...the real, raw & relaxed moments to cherish forever . We hope to make the experience of choosing us as your wedding photographer as stress-free as possible. 
Let's chat about what you envision for your wedding day and create an experience where you and your partner will feel comfortable, worry-free and be able to soak every moment in! (while we capture it for you!) This is one of the biggest days of your life... our job is to preserve these memories that you can look back on for a lifetime. 
We are passionate about our job, we work to deliver a gallery that will "wow" you, and promise that if you choose us as your wedding photographer, we'll make the experience fun, stress-free and you will know you made the right decision! 
We love a great love story
the wedding experience
Please inquire to view
additional galleries
Couples engagement session (for packages of 6+ hours)
 2 photographers included
 Private online gallery of high resolution digital images. 
 Usb of images. 
 Rights to your digital images
wedding collections
view portfolio
 Starts at $3000
Inquire for full price list
Process
tell me about the
One.
 First things first, congratulations on your engagement! We know that planning a wedding comes with a lot of big decisions and we hope that we can make the process of booking your wedding photographer as simple as possible! We would love to chat with you over a call, a coffee or a beer and make sure that we are a good fit for you. Maybe we'll even become friends! :)
get in touch and book a call
Two.
 After we have chatted and you decided we are a good fit, we will put together your contract. It is all delivered to you electronically and then you will be able to pay your deposit online to hold your wedding date!
Save the date with a deposit
Three.
 We will set up a time to meet as your wedding day gets closer. If meeting in person isn't an option, a video call or phone call will work just fine! We will chat about the timeline of your day, any details we need to cover, must have shots and have a set game plan for your day. 
set up a wedding meeting
Four.
 The day you have been waiting for is here! This day is all about you! 
Time to enjoy all the planning and hard work you've put in! Enjoy your day and let us capture all the love, emotion and details that you will cherish looking back on. 
your Wedding day is here!
Five.
 Once we've reviewed all your wedding photos, we will deliver them through a password protected online gallery straight to your email. Take your time reflecting on this day and your love! You can download them all and share this gallery with family and friends. You will also receive a USB of images and print release as well. You can print your images through our online gallery or at your print lab of choice. 
Thank you for letting us be the photographer to capture your wedding day. - Candice & Jessica
Delivery of images
Jasmine G.
We hired Wild Bliss for both our engagement and wedding photos and I am so in love with how they turned out. My husband and I are not very comfortable in front of the camera, but they made it such a relaxing, fun experience that you can't even tell! They were responsive, friendly, and super flexible when we had to reschedule our wedding due to covid. I highly recommend Wild Bliss!
Anastasia K
My husband and I are so glad that we hired Wild Bliss Photography for our wedding day in Vail! Candice and Jessica are both naturals-- down-to-earth, flexible, and outgoing. They made everyone feel comfortable and took the most gorgeous photos on our wedding. Our only regret is not hiring them for a longer time period. We had a micro-wedding and hired them just for the ceremony and photos briefly before and after, but I wish we had hired them for the entire day. They would've captured our preparation and reception gorgeously! The photos were delivered in a reasonable timeframe and there are so many gorgeous shots. One of my favorite things about their photography is their skill with natural light. We continue to hire Wild Bliss for our family photos and more in Fort Collins. Getting a link to a new gallery is always the best feeling with Wild Bliss! I absolutely recommend hiring Wild Bliss for your wedding day, engagement photos, family portraits, and more!
send message
I'll be in touch shortly
Thank You!
Let's chat about your big day!
We'll be in touch within 48 hours
Get in touch
‪(970) 672-0633‬ 
info@wildblissphotography.com 
© 2026 Wild Bliss Photography. All rights reserved. 
@Wildbliss_photography 
 instagram
follow us on
northern Colorado 
weddings, portraits + Branding photography
148 west oak street
fort collins, co 80524
contact branding portraits weddings about home portfolio FAQ