Home 
home
 about
 services
 portfolio
 contact
 Kari Geha Weddings
Journal
Raise your hand if you are afraid of being in front of the camera! Roll call of who hates how they look in photos. Do you get nervous about a camera being around you for a whole entire day?
Well...
Let's fix that! Let's have fun. Let's hangout! Friends taking photos of friends. After our day together, you will be a pro at having your photo taken. And believe it or not, you'll also have a great time! 
Hooray! You're in love!
let's adventure!
1. I'm 5'1" on a good day (5'2" according to my driver's license haha)
2. I have two very sassy, but sweet husky fur babes!
3. I love traveling to strange places in the desert.
Fun Facts
I want to document your love story. Your interactions with each other, and your family and friends! Let's show the world how beautiful your relationships are, and let's have entirely too much fun doing that!
I have the best job in the world. I get to meet amazing people, in beautiful places, on the best day of their lives. I adore documenting beautiful relationships. Let me tag along to yours!
behind The lens... 
Let's hear your wedding vision!
Trust me to document every laugh, every gesture, every embarrassing and hilarious moment, every happy tear, hug and heart to heart. I want to give you a wedding gallery full of memories from your day, so that you can relive them over and over again. My goal is to give you the feels every time you look at your gallery and I want you to be ecstatic about sharing it with everyone you know! I will have just as much fun as you and I hope that this shows in my work. I look forward to meeting you all and becoming life long friends! See you soon! =)
I want to give you, your dream wedding gallery.
Catch us in Action
get in touch
"THIS IS A LOVE LETTER, TO THE BEST WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED. THANKS FOR BEING ONE OF THE BEST PARTS OF OUR WEDDING, KARI!"
Natalie + Steve
Detail shots
Saul + David
maggie + Taylor
Bonnie Blues venue
Most Recent Blogs
Instagram
 where to next?
 home
 about
 wedding
 engagement
contact
 journal
COPYRIGHT 2021 | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | CREATED W/LOVE BY KERN X INK STUDIO
KARI GEHA WEDDINGS
back to top
home
 about
 services
 portfolio
 contact
navigate
journal
 blog pages
back to top
category