Portrait Collections - Antler Run Photography 
Home
Investment
Wedding Collections 
Portrait Collections 
Experience
About
Galleries
Photo Galleries 
Video Galleries 
FAQ
Blog
Contact
Book Now 
Antler Run Photography
Portrait Collections
The BigHorn
Senior Portraits
1 - 2 Hour Session
Outfit Changes Included
30-50 Edited Digital Images
Print Release Included
Starting at $575
* $50 additional fee for multiple locations.
Permit fees may apply for some locations.
Your Senior Year Starts Here 
The Herd
Family and Maternity Portrait Sessions
1 - 1 1/2 Hour Session
Outfit Changes Included
30-50 Edited Digital Images
Complimentary 8x10 Canvas
Starting at $600
* $50 additional fee for multiple locations.
Permit fees may apply for some locations.
Let’s Capture Your Crew 
Rainbow Bridge Pet Session
As pet parents, we know how difficult it is to let go of our fur babies. When the time comes let us help honor the life and love of your beloved family member.
* Please contact us for details.
Honor Their Story 
Their Experience & Their Words
If you are looking for an amazing photography (and videography) team, Christine and Mike are your people! We picked Antler Run because of Christine’s considerate initial communication and portfolio highlighting my desired moody editing style, and we’re so glad we did! Throughout the whole process, they were incredibly responsive and happily answered any of our questions. We had an amazing engagement shoot with them, where they braved frigid winter winds on Echo Lake to get the dramatic mountain backdrop I was hoping for. The pictures (and bonus video) turned out incredible, of course. On the day of the wedding...
Sara Bickers
Read More 
Their Experience & Their Words
Christine and Mike did an amazing job photographing our wedding. From the time we booked Antler Run until the time we got our photos back, Christine did a great job of communicating. Even when I was testing her daily during the week of the wedding, she quickly responded to all of my questions. She also helped me with the nitty gritty of the timeline, but made sure things ran smoothly when things shifted. We did an engagement session with her at a local bar a couple months before the wedding so we could get to know each other and feel comfortable working together. They made both of us feel reassured in front of a camera on the day of ... 
Elizabeth Smith
Read More 
Their Experience & Their Words
We truly could not have asked for a better wedding photographer than Christine! From the very first interaction, she was incredibly personal, kind, and easy to work with. Communication was effortless; she made it so easy to reach out, ask questions, and feel confident throughout the entire planning process. Since we came from out of state and planned a small elopement, having someone we could fully trust meant everything, and she went above and beyond to make sure every detail was taken care of. When we traveled out to meet Christine before the wedding, she was even able to fit in a spur-of-the-moment engagement shoot, which was such a fun and meaningful bonus we’ll always be grateful for
Bayley & Nick
Read More 
Their Experience & Their Words
From our very first cafe meeting to our at-home engagement shoot, and finally to our big day, Christine was an absolute 10/10! She took this awkward duo and worked her magic, giving us the most stunning photos and videos that celebrate our marriage.Her talent, professionalism, and go with the flow attitudes made the entire experience effortless and so fun. There truly aren’t enough words to thank her for capturing these memories so beautifully! I would definitely recommend her services to the next couple and will definitely use them again in the future 😊
Elisha Engelbrecht
Read More 
We Can't Wait to Hear From You!
Book your consultation today and let us capture your special moments!
Book Your Consultation 
Instagram @antlerrunphotography
About Us
Hi! I’m Christine—a wedding and portrait photographer blending refined, timeless imagery with a human-first approach. I’m all in for the big moments, the quiet ones, and making sure you feel completely taken care of from our first email to your final dance.
Navigate
The Experience
Wedding Collections
Portrait Collections
Portfolio Galleries
Book a Consultation
Privacy Policy
©2025 Antler Run Photography
Website Designed by Ashley R Marketing