-->
ABOUT | Ellie Rich | Denver Based Photographer 
top of page 
CART 
HOME
PHOTOGRAPHY BUT DIFFERENT
FINE ART FANTASY 
 BOUDOIR & SENSUAL FINE ART PORTRAITS 
 FASHION & FINE ART PORTRAITS 
 LOVE STORIES (WEDDINGS & ELOPEMENTS) 
 CREATIVE PET PHOTOGRAPHY 
 SENIORS & KIDS 
MODELING
FINE ART
BOOKS
CUSTOM JEWELRY
ABOUT
FAQ
CONTACT ELLIE RICH
BLOG
SHOP
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
ELEONORA RICHARDSON 
aka 
ELLIE RICH 
Denver Boudoir, Fine Art, Fashion and Fantasy Photographer, Artist, Author, Fashion Designer. 
Dwelling in Colorado - Working Internationally. 
ABOUT 
From my earliest memories, I have been a dreamer, constantly envisioning the most breathtaking and fantastical images that fuel my imagination. Fortunately, my innate talent for engineering and my unrelenting desire for growth have allowed me to transform those visions into tangible works of art. 
Over the past decade, I've explored many different ways of making these dreams a reality, and it's what brings me the greatest joy in life. I started out as a teenage photographer and a student at modeling and acting academy. Both paths gave me a solid foundation to build upon. Now I spend most of my time working primarily on photography and modeling (sometimes even combining the two in the most innovative ways). 
My photography is dedicated to crafting stunning, evocative images that showcase the true essence of beauty in all its forms! As a boudoir photographer, I work with you to create a safe and empowering environment where you can feel confident and beautiful in your own skin. My approach to portrait photography is all about showcasing your unique personality and style, creating images that truly reflect the real you. And for those who love to dream and imagine, my fantasy photography transports you to a world of magic and wonder, where anything is possible. As an editorial photographer, I work closely with you to tell your story in a visually stunning and captivating way. And finally, as a fine art portrait photographer, I take inspiration from the world around me to create images that are truly works of art, bringing a touch of elegance and sophistication to any space. Whatever your photography needs may be, I am committed to creating images that inspire and delight, capturing the beauty of life in all its many forms. 
While I was born and raised in Ukraine, my creative work, determination and love for photography has taken me all over the world - from the charming alleyways of Europe to the Dubai Desert and the streets of New York. As I look back on my travels, I feel nothing but gratitude for the opportunities I've had and the people I've met, and for the artistry that has defined my journey. It is through the creation of art that we can make a real difference in the world and leave behind a legacy for generations to come. 
​ 
Aside from my main occupation, I enjoy designing outfits and graphics, troubleshooting, and working on digital marketing. On top of all that, I also support some of my clients as a life coach and fitness advisor. 
My thirst for new experiences and creative expression has never wavered, and I remain dedicated to honing my craft and staving off any hint of boredom. I credit my mother for introducing me to the world of art from a very young age, and I have since found joy in various artistic pursuits, from acting in TV advertisements and shows to singing, organizing events and fashion shows, and, of course, modelling and initiating various photo projects. 
I am grateful to be able to do what I love and love what I do, as life is simply too short to engage in activities that diminish our spirits. My greatest pleasure comes from creating works that make dreams feel real, bringing excitement and happiness to those I work with, uplifting people, and helping them realize their true potential. 
Scope of Activities: 
&bull; Creative Director 
&bull; Photographer
&bull; Designer 
&bull; Model - Muse
&bull; Artist 
&bull; Certified Fitness Advisor and Nutrition Expert 
&bull; Certified Life Coach 
&bull; Troubleshooter 
&bull; Creativity Dealer 
&bull; Author 
DILLON & ELLIE 
Photography is an amazing playground for those with dexterous minds and neverending flow of ideas! 
I walk through life and share a passion for creative projects, adventures and continuous development with my husband - Dillon . We work together, supporting each other and sharing the joy of every new experience. We are soulmates who operate with an incredible synergy, which allows us to achieve the best results when it comes to work and to make every project unforgettably sophisticated! 
You can find our Luxury Wedding & Elopements photography HERE 
CONTACT US 
eleonora@ellierich.com 
720-421-9192 
US, Colorado 
FOR GENERAL INQUIRIES, PLEASE GET IN TOUCH 
Submit 
 Thanks for submitting! 
&copy; 2020 Ellie Rich 
bottom of page