Portrait Pricing 
about CONTACT faq's SERVICES portfolio home 
the EJ Experience
Packages & Pricing
hi, i am Evie
Your Photographer
Great, me too!
are you stoked to break free from old-school traditional Photos? and feeling like you want to do things a bit differently...
contact me I am passionate about creating inclusive spaces for you to show up fully - with laughter, connection and freedom to be your most authentic self. When you're having so much fun that you forget you're being photographed - that's when magic comes to life in a picture. 
As a local to Southwest Colorado and a backcountry enthusiast, I love guiding you to stunning, off-the-beaten-path venues and landscapes to capture your most honest and intimate moments--true to color and true to you.
200+
happy couples photographed
150+
raving 5-star google reviews
7+
years in the industry
I've been awarded "The Best of Weddings" from the Knot, and you can find my work published in multiple nationwide publications - including Rocky Mountain Bride, Beloved Stories and Wandering Weddings.
pricing
bite size
starting from
$500
✔ 30 minutes of continuous photo coverage
✔ Each photo individually retouched
✔ Lifetime of online gallery access
✔ Unrestricted downloading, printing, and sharing rights
✔ Full gallery delivery in under 6 weeks
whole enchilada
starting from
$2,200
✔ Up to 3 one hour consultation calls (to review location, timeline, activities and all planning logistics) 
✔ One site visit or location scout within Colorado (If I've never been to your location of choice, I will personally visit your desired spot and make sure it's the right one for you)
✔ Full access to my exclusive SWCO location guide
✔ Four hours of continuous photo coverage 
✔ High clearance 4WD transportation for 4
✔ Assistance obtaining required permits
✔ Free travel anywhere in Colorado
✔ Two rolls of 35 mm film exposures (delivered digitally)
✔ Contractually guaranteed a minimum of 50 edited high resolution digital files for every hour booked
✔ Each photo individually retouched
✔ Lifetime of online gallery access
✔ Unrestricted downloading, printing, and sharing rights
✔ 48 hour sneak peaks + full gallery delivery in under 6 weeks
goldilocks
starting from
$800
✔ One consultation call (to review location, timeline, activities and all planning logistics) 
✔ Access to SWCO location guide
✔ One hour of continuous photo coverage 
✔ Contractually guaranteed a minimum of 50 edited high resolution digital files for every hour booked
✔ Each photo individually retouched
✔ Lifetime of online gallery access
✔ Unrestricted downloading, printing, and sharing rights
✔ Full gallery delivery in under 6 weeks
FAQ'S
can i still reserve my date before deciding on a package?
Yes, you can still reserve your date with a retainer fee of $1000 (to be applied towards your total). 
What can i add on to my package? 
Rolls of film exposures $200/ea
Packages of polaroids $50/ea
Additional hours of coverage $800 (day of add on $1000)
Second shooter $200/hr
do you offer payment plans? 
Yes. We can break up your invoice into as many payments as you need. The retainer fee is due upon booking, and the remainder is due one week before your date. How you break up payments in between reserving your date and the week before is up to you!
do you have a guaranteed minimum of delivered photos? 
Yes. For every hour of photo coverage you book, you are contractually guaranteed to recieve a minimum of 50 edited images. I generally deliver 100-200/hr, but I like to under promise and over deliver. 
Can i customize my package? 
Yes. Spend some time looking at the checklists and see which items are most important to you. Send me your list and I'll write up a custom quote.
How the process works
I hit the editing station
After our time together, I'll go to work on editing your full gallery. You get to keep your gallery for the rest of your life, and you get unlimited downloading and printing rights, with absolutely no fees. 
05
the big day
Since we have already front loaded all the work, gotten to know each other, and ironed out the details, now we get to sit back and relax. My unique approach to connecting with you and creating art will feel laid back, comfortable, and fun!
04
you receive your beautiful photos!
The final step is you getting to take in the magic that we created while you view your photos. Within six weeks you'll receive your gallery. You might want to get some tissues ready... 
06
finding a date
We will set up a time for me to hear your vision for your day. If you're local, we can grab a coffee, if you're not, we can do a phone call or a FaceTime. We will discuss which date works best for you and get it in the calendar.
01
contract and invoice
In order for me to reserve your date, you will sign a contract and pay for your session. I am happy to break up the invoice into multiple payments. The contract will detail what I will give and what you will receive.
02
consultation calls
If your package included consultation calls, we will get those booked so that I can assist you with what to wear, and what the best location for you would be. Don't worry, I have an extensive list of beautiful locations for you to choose from.
03
let&#x27;s get started 
- Meagan
Evie did such an amazing job with our family session! Although I absolutely loved the style of her portfolio online, I didn't see many family shots so I was a tad bit nervous, but REST ASSURED, Evie is absolutely WONDERFUL with children and she was truly able to capture their personalities in her images. I am obsessed with our photographs and will treasure these images for years to come! Thank you so much Evie!
"Evie is absolutely wonderful with children!"
★★★★★
- Amelia
My partner and I have worked with Evie for engagement and maternity photos. Evie was kind, accommodating and made us feel so comfortable! She is very familiar with the area and had great suggestions for locations. The photos all turned out absolutely beautifully and were delivered quickly. Cannot recommend Evie enough!!
"Cannot recommend evie enough!"
★★★★★
- Sarah
Evie is a fantastic photographer and the best out there! She did such a great job on my proposal photos and now I can relive that moment whenever I want! She captured our hearts on camera and I will never take for granted the ability to always go back to see those moments she took of us. Not only that, but every picture is really
good and it is going to be hard to decide which ones to print and post. She is that talented. Evie is flexible, kind, and fun which makes for a relaxing and memorable photoshoot even when you are feeling the nerves about proposing. You will not regret choosing Evie for your photo shoot!
"You will not regret choosing evie"
★★★★★
you
fun looks good on
@ All Rights Reserved. | Evie Joy Photography 2025
SITE CREDIT 
contact me Film Portraits Weddings Contact FAQ Services About Home MAIN PAGES 
portfolio 
Elopements 
Follow me
contact
 about me
 portfolio
 services Home faq's