About 
about CONTACT faq's SERVICES portfolio home 
about me
hi, i'm evie!
Being an artist has always lit a spark inside my heart, ever since I was a little girl. So when I found myself as an adult working a 9-5, unable to find that creative fire, I took a leap of faith and quit my day job. I followed the deep longing in my heart to become a full time artist.
I have now been a photographer for 7 years, and have never looked back. I love being able to connect with people from all over the world. I feel honored to witness and capture some of their most intimate and joyous moments. I can without a doubt say that this is the most heart centered and fulfilling work I've ever done.
Although a Texas girl by birth, I’ve fallen in love with the mountains and rivers of Southwest Colorado. I've been recreating in the backcountry for 8 years now, so you can rest assured that when you book a me as a photographer, you are also getting an expert local guide who knows where to take you for the best scapes.
When I’m not hanging out with my two kids, you can find me tending my flowers, making a big mess in my art studio, getting down on the dancefloor with the love of my life, or frolicking in the high country with my friends. 
Contact me 
To provide a safe, inclusive and connected space - to help empower others on their love journey - for me, there is no higher calling.
My story is not an uncommon one. Growing up in the Bible belt south, I quickly realized that I needed to accept certain rigid beliefs and change who I was in order to be accepted by my community. Those beliefs darkly colored my view of myself and the world around me for the first 30 years of my life. It reached a point where I could no longer compromise who I was just to fit in, so I decided to break out of the contortion demanding metaphorical box. This journey has been the scariest, most painful, yet most liberating thing I have ever done. As I continue to embrace who I am, I feel a sense of belonging that merely fitting in could never substitute for. I now see my life’s calling as a journey from fear and entrapment to love and freedom. And on this journey of becoming the person I used to judge the most, I have been forced to reconcile both my relationship with God and with the one I see in the mirror. This practice of reconciliation now floods every aspect of my being, especially when I am creating art. For me, art is freedom and love and connection with God and self. In the Juniper trees, in the sandstone, in the love shared between two beings, God is there. And what an honor to document the manifestation of this love. To provide a safe, inclusive and connected space - to help empower others on their love journey - for me, there is no higher calling.
my why
200+
happy couples photographed
150+
raving 5-star google reviews
7+
years in the industry
you
fun looks good on
@ All Rights Reserved. | Evie Joy Photography 2025
SITE CREDIT 
contact me Film Portraits Weddings Contact FAQ Services About Home MAIN PAGES 
portfolio 
Elopements 
Follow me
contact
 about me
 portfolio
 services Home faq's