-->
PRICING AND PRODUCTS | Boho Chic Boudoir by Kara Cavalca 
top of page 
HOME
WHAT IS BOUDOIR
MISSION 
INFO
COUPLES BOUDOIR 
 FAQs 
 PRICING AND INVESTMENT 
IMAGERY
BLOG
MEET KARA
MOOD BOARDS 
INQUIRIES
More...
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Boudoir 
PRICING & INVESTMENT 
what are people saying... 
Kara is an incredible photographer and person! I had been wanting to do a boudoir photo session for myself for awhile and after researching it, Kara seemed like the perfect fit and she was! I reached out to her to let her know why I was doing this (to honor my body for the journey it had been going through). Kara was kind and respectful about where I was at and what my needs were. She was professional and fun during the experience and made me feel incredibly comfortable with the whole experience. I wanted to do it outside and she found the perfect spots for it! Throughout the process before, during, and after she was such a joy to work with. I highly recommend Boho Chic Boudoir and Kara as a photographer!! 
Tiffany B. 
This is more than just a photo session, this is a boudoir day experience! 
From your planning session, to product delivery, I want to be there for you to answer questions, 
ease nerves, calm fears, and work with you through this vulnerable and intimate process. 
Boudoir is so much more than pretty pictures, it is an exploration into yourself. 
​ 
Expect to spend around 3-7 hours, depending on your package, from the moment you arrive for hair and makeup (or to start your shoot if you are opting out of hair and makeup) to the moment you leave. 
I want to give time to chat, drink, snack, go through clothes, walk around, plan, feel comfortable, and explore. I do not want you to feel rushed through your shoot time. 
​ 
I would suggest not scheduling anything after your shoot either, because boudoir can be both mentally and physically draining, you might not notice it during the shoot but I bet you will notice it after and appreciate being able to just go home and relax for the rest of the day.﻿
Boudoir Day Experience 
​ 
Boudoir is not just a photoshoot, it is an 
EXPERIENCE 
​ 
It is connecting to and honoring yourself. 
​ 
It is celebrating and loving all that you are. 
​ 
It is cutting out external judgements and expectations. 
​ 
Boudoir shows you as you truly are in all your beautiful glory , 
not wh at society tells you to be. 
​ 
--- 
​ 
The real investment here is in YOU. 
Unlike a family or head shot session, 
the images you will receive from your boudoir experience are ​ 
more of a PERK than the whole point. 
The photos are meant to be a reminder of the 
EXPERIENCE. 
Of how you felt throughout our day together, 
focusing solely on you and what makes you... 
​ 
be.YOU.tiful. 
​ 
​ 
​ 
Most clients spend between $1500-$2000 
Payment plans are available. 
There are a few different boudoir day experiences you can have. 
​ 
Personal Boudoir 
This is just you and me, exploring what makes you the 
strong beautiful woman that you are. 
​ 
Gals Boudoir Day 
This is a great option if you feel uncomfortable with the idea of your first boudoir experience being by yourself. 
You and a few close girl friends can all come in together and support each other throughout the day. 
​ 
Maternity Boudoir 
This is a multi-stage session. Pre-bump Boudoir, Maternity Boudoir, and Postpartum Boudoir, to celebrate all the different stages your AMAZING body is going through throughout pregnancy. 
​ 
Couples Boudoir 
This is a chance to celebrate not just your self love, but your love between you and your partner. Getting a little spicy, a little steamy, and a little lovey. 
Let&#x27;s Chat! 
WHAT IS 
BOUDOIR 
Learn More 
follow me on instagram 
Based in Durango, CO with coverage offered worldwide 
​ kara@karacavalca.com 
&copy;2019 by Kara Cavalca Photo+Video 
bottom of page