FAQ | Lone Oak Studios 
MENU
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
FAQS
• WHAT DO YOU CHARGE?
Basic wedding day coverage starts at $2,200. Most couples typically invest between $3,500 - $5,000 for their collection. We can work with you to design a custom collection that fits your needs. Portrait Sessions are available from $550. Event coverage starts at $275/hour.
• WHAT IS YOUR PAYMENT POLICY?
Typically, we require a 50% deposit to book your wedding date. The final balance is due at least one week prior to the wedding date. You can make payments at anytime, and in any increments. Just tell us when and how much you want to pay towards your balance, and we can accommodate. We also offer very simple financing options!
• WHEN SHOULD WE BOOK?
If you have a date set and you want to secure that date, then no date is too far in advance. Typically, we book weddings 10 to 18 months in advance, and sometimes we book 3 months in advance. It all depends on available dates and when you want to secure your date. Sessions can be booked as little as a week or two in advance, as long as dates are available.
• WHERE CAN WE BOOK LONE OAK STUDIOS?
We are based in Texas, and we photograph weddings all over the state and beyond. We regularly photograph weddings in Corpus Christi, San Antonio, Austin, New Braunfels, Boerne, throughout the beautiful Texas Hill Country, Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, and everywhere in between. We are also available for weddings in locations that are just a little bit farther away, and we love traveling to beautiful places to capture amazing wedding stories. To date, we've shot amazing destination weddings at Banff National Park in Canada, Aspen, Colorado, Yellowstone National Park, Gardiner, Montana, and Charleston, South Carolina. So, for a simple answer to a simple question - "Anywhere!".
• HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO SEE OUR PHOTOS?
Typical turnaround time for wedding galleries is about 6-8 weeks. You'll receive a link to a private, online gallery with access to download your photos in high resolution. You can also order prints and other products directly through your gallery store. But, if you want to have prints made on your own, you have the rights to do so with a full print release.
• WHAT SETS LONE OAK STUDIOS APART FROM OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS?
This is a question that we get often. It's one that we are passionate about answering because it allows us to be completely sincere with people. It's as simple as this - we want to be more than "just another vendor" for our clients. As your wedding photographers, we're going to be with you during some very intimate, and special moments on your wedding day. We don't want you to be intimidated by a stranger with a big camera in your face. We want to truly become friends with you through the process. We want you to be so comfortable with us that by the time the wedding day rolls around, we're just great friends that you've invited to your wedding, who happen to have cameras. We are completely sincere when we say this, and it's not just lip-service. If you are willing to open your hearts to us, we will be able to capture your story so much more honestly. For us, it's personal.
If you want stiff poses and a photographer barking 
Some families you photograph once. Others you get 
What a fun day in San Antonio! After tying the kno 
South Texas golden hour is just something else. A 
I just checked your calendar, and it turns out you 
A tiny painted chapel. A handful of people who mat 
Follow Us on Instagram 
About Us 
 Portfolio 
Investment 
 FAQ 
 Contact 
©2026 COPYRIGHT LONE OAK STUDIOS
IMAGES BY LONE OAK STUDIOS
CLOSE
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
©2021 Lone Oak Studios