About | Lone Oak Studios 
MENU
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
ABOUT US
Hello! My name is Dustin Baker, and I’m the Owner and Lead Photographer of the Lone Oak Studios team. I am truly grateful for the opportunity to do what I truly love for a living. The old adage of "do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" really is true. While we do work hard every day to capture memories for our clients, it truly is more than work, it's passion! The fact that I get to do this alongside my right-hand, best friend, calming-influencer-in-chief, and second-photographer-extraordinaire, my beautiful wife Mandi, is truly a dream come true! 
Mandi and I are blessed with two amazing sons, a houseful of animals (it's basically a zoo here), and, most importantly, with our faith in God, who's grace continues to amaze and sustain us every single day of our lives!
Say Hello 
When it comes to preserving life's most important memories,
EXPERIENCE MATTERS
Since 2011, we have had the honor to capture life&#8217;s most important memories for so many wonderful people. When it comes to finding the right photographer to document your story, experience matters. Preserving memories is our full-time job, which means you have our full-time attention, not just on the weekends.
0 
 Weddings photographed throughout Texas and beyond 
0 
 Families photographed 
0 
 Memories captured 
OUR STYLE
defined...
First and foremost, we consider ourselves to be documentary style photographers. Think of us like photojournalists, working in the moments to  capture what&#8217;s real, raw, and honest. We document the reality of life, not a staged idea of what life should or could be. That means we embrace the imperfect chaos of the moments we capture.
BUT WHAT DOES THAT REALLY MEAN?
Well, in specifics, it means that we won’t ask you to look at the camera and say “cheese” all day; it means that we won’t disrupt the story to try to create our own version of it. It means we won’t make you feel awkward by meticulously posing you just so. It means no fake smiles, no interfering, and nothing cringeworthy. It means honest photography and a true and artful rendering of your story.
FAQS
• WHAT SETS LONE OAK STUDIOS APART FROM OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS?
This is a question that we get often. It's one that we are passionate about answering because it allows us to be completely sincere with people. It's as simple as this - we want to be more than "just another vendor" for you. As your wedding photographers, we're going to be with you during some very intimate, and special moments on your wedding day. We don't want you to be intimidated by a stranger with a big camera in your face. We want to truly become friends with you through the process. We want you to be so comfortable with us that by the time the wedding day rolls around, we're just great friends that you've invited to your wedding, who happen to have cameras. We are completely sincere when we say this, and it's not just lip-service. If you are willing to open your hearts to us, we will be able to capture your story so much more honestly. For us, it's personal.
Another thing that sets us apart is our experience. Since 2011, we have photographed over 350 weddings, captured more than 300 family sessions, and documented countless parties and events. This is our full-time job, which means you have our full-time attention, not just on the weekends.
• WHAT DO YOU CHARGE?
Comprehensive wedding day coverage starts at $3,650, but we also offer smaller packages for smaller gatherings. Most couples typically invest between $4,000 - $6,000 for their wedding collection. We can also work with you to design a custom collection that fits your needs. Portrait Sessions are available from $650. Event coverage starts at $350/hour.
• WHAT IS YOUR PAYMENT POLICY?
Typically, we require a 50% deposit to book your wedding date. The final balance is due at least one week prior to the wedding date. You can make payments at anytime, and in any increments. Just tell us when and how much you want to pay towards your balance, and we can accommodate. We also offer very simple financing options!
• WHEN SHOULD WE BOOK?
If you have a date set and you want to secure that date, then no date is too far in advance. Typically, we book weddings 12 to 18 months in advance, and sometimes we book 3 months in advance. It all depends on available dates and when you want to secure your date. Sessions can be booked as little as a week or two in advance, as long as dates are available.
• WHERE CAN WE BOOK LONE OAK STUDIOS?
We are based in Texas, and we photograph weddings all over the state and beyond. We regularly photograph weddings in Corpus Christi, San Antonio, Austin, New Braunfels, Boerne, throughout the beautiful Texas Hill Country, Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, and everywhere in between. We are also available for weddings in locations that are just a little bit farther away, and we love traveling to beautiful places to capture amazing wedding stories. To date, we've shot amazing destination weddings at Banff National Park in Canada, Aspen, Colorado, Yellowstone National Park, Gardiner, Montana, and Charleston, South Carolina. So, for a simple answer to a simple question - "Anywhere!".
• HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO SEE OUR PHOTOS?
Typical turnaround time for wedding galleries is about 8 weeks. For sessions, the turnaround time is usually about 14 days. You'll receive a link to a private, online gallery with access to download your photos in high resolution. You can also order prints and other products directly through your gallery store. But, if you want to have prints made on your own, you have the rights to do so with a full print release.
Are You Ready to Tell Your Story?
All-Inclusive Documentary Photography
Are you ready to take the next step towards preserving your most important memories? We can&#8217;t wait to work with you to create your most important family heirlooms.
TELL YOUR STORY
If you want stiff poses and a photographer barking 
Some families you photograph once. Others you get 
What a fun day in San Antonio! After tying the kno 
South Texas golden hour is just something else. A 
I just checked your calendar, and it turns out you 
A tiny painted chapel. A handful of people who mat 
Follow Us on Instagram 
About Us 
 Portfolio 
Investment 
 FAQ 
 Contact 
©2026 COPYRIGHT LONE OAK STUDIOS
IMAGES BY LONE OAK STUDIOS
CLOSE
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
©2021 Lone Oak Studios