Wedding Photography | Lone Oak Studios 
MENU
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
WEDDING PACKAGES & OPTIONS
When it comes to the things you spend money on for your wedding, the things you buy are fleeting. You’ll only wear the dress once; the venue is enjoyed for only one day; the caterer is only there as long as the food lasts; and the cake is usually gone very quickly. ::why are you looking at us?::
The only thing that you will take home with you at the end of the day is your love for one another and your photographs. That’s why we believe that your wedding photography is the only true investment you will make when it comes to paying for your most special day.
Every wedding is unique. We offer a variety of packages designed to fit a variety of needs.  If one of these packages doesn&#8217;t quite fit your needs, don&#8217;t be afraid to reach out to us. Perhaps we can customize a package that works for you!
Mini Wedding Packages
In addition to the more comprehensive wedding collections shown below, we offer wedding photography collections tailored for smaller, more intimate gatherings during the Covid-19 pandemic. These collections are designed for gatherings of 20 or less, and include ample coverage and beautiful photography despite the smaller scale of the wedding day. These packages can be mixed, matched, and fine-tuned to fit your needs perfectly! If you are planning a wedding with a smaller guest list during this time, we have an option that will work for you! Get in touch today for more info!
REQUEST MORE INFO 
OUR PACKAGES
WEDDING COLLECTIONS
01
ESSENTIAL
Up to 6 Hours of Coverage, 2 Photographers, an Online Gallery of Your Images, Download & Printing Rights, and a credit towards a Signature Album.
An Engagement Session can be added at a discounted rate.
GET QUOTE
02
CLASSIC
Up to 8 Hours of Coverage, 2 Photographers, an Online Gallery of Your Images, Download & Printing Rights, and a credit towards a Signature Album.
An Engagement Session can be added at a discounted rate.
GET QUOTE
03
LONE OAK
Up to 8 Hours of Coverage, 2 Photographers, an Online Gallery of your Images, Download & Printing Rights, an Engagement Session, choice of a Bridal Session or 1 additional hour of coverage, and a credit towards a Signature Album.
GET QUOTE
WE LOVE INTIMATE WEDDINGS
Are you eloping or having a courthouse wedding?
Just because you&#8217;re having a smaller wedding doesn&#8217;t mean you don&#8217;t deserve beautiful images of the day you and your partner become one! We also offer custom packages for smaller weddings that include ample coverage at a lower price point.  
Tell us about your plans for your intimate wedding to receive a custom quote.
INQUIRE NOW
ADDITIONAL OPTIONS & DETAILS 
We also offer the following options that can be added to any Collection: 
• Engagement Portrait Session
• Bridal Portrait Session
• Additional Hours of Coverage
• Signature Heirloom Albums &#8211; These are stunning, heirloom-quality albums that tell the story of your special day in beautiful detail. All of our Wedding Collections include a credit towards a Signature Album.
• Travel &#8211; We are more than happy to travel for your special day. Obviously, with travel, there are some logistics that may require additional costs. The Wedding Collections shown above include travel within 150 miles of Corpus Christi, Texas for the wedding day. Weddings held outside of that radius may be subject to additional, but reasonable fees. Engagement and Bridal Portrait Sessions held outside of a 30 mile radius of Corpus Christi, Texas may also be subject to additional, but reasonable fees.
*All collections, products, & services are subject to Texas State Sales Tax. 
*Prices are subject to change without notice, but will be locked in at the time a contract is signed and your deposit is paid. 
For more information on pricing, please send us a note via our contact form and we&#8217;ll be happy to send over our full pricing guide. We can&#8217;t wait to work with you! 
REQUEST OUR PRICING GUIDE 
Are You Ready to Take the Next Steps?
It's your story, we want to be your storytellers
Let&#8217;s capture your one-of-a-kind love story in an epic fashion. We can&#8217;t wait to hear all about your vision for your special day!
GET A QUOTE
FAQS
• WHAT SETS LONE OAK STUDIOS APART FROM OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS?
This is a question that we get often. It's one that we are passionate about answering because it allows us to be completely sincere with people. It's as simple as this - we want to be more than \"just another vendor\" for you. As your wedding photographers, we're going to be with you during some very intimate, and special moments on your wedding day. We don't want you to be intimidated by a stranger with a big camera in your face. We want to truly become friends with you through the process. We want you to be so comfortable with us that by the time the wedding day rolls around, we're just great friends that you've invited to your wedding, who happen to have cameras. We are completely sincere when we say this, and it's not just lip-service. If you are willing to open your hearts to us, we will be able to capture your story so much more honestly. For us, it's personal.
Another thing that sets us apart is our experience. Since 2011, we have photographed over 350 weddings, captured more than 300 family sessions, and documented countless parties and events. This is our full-time job, which means you have our full-time attention, not just on the weekends.
• WHAT DO YOU CHARGE?
Comprehensive wedding day coverage starts at $3,650, but we also offer smaller packages for smaller gatherings. Most couples typically invest between $4,000 - $6,000 for their wedding collection. We can also work with you to design a custom collection that fits your needs. Portrait Sessions are available from $650. Event coverage starts at $350/hour.
• WHAT IS YOUR PAYMENT POLICY?
Typically, we require a 50% deposit to book your wedding date. The final balance is due at least one week prior to the wedding date. You can make payments at anytime, and in any increments. Just tell us when and how much you want to pay towards your balance, and we can accommodate. We also offer very simple financing options!
• WHEN SHOULD WE BOOK?
If you have a date set and you want to secure that date, then no date is too far in advance. Typically, we book weddings 12 to 18 months in advance, and sometimes we book 3 months in advance. It all depends on available dates and when you want to secure your date. Sessions can be booked as little as a week or two in advance, as long as dates are available.
• WHERE CAN WE BOOK LONE OAK STUDIOS?
We are based in Texas, and we photograph weddings all over the state and beyond. We regularly photograph weddings in Corpus Christi, San Antonio, Austin, New Braunfels, Boerne, throughout the beautiful Texas Hill Country, Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, and everywhere in between. We are also available for weddings in locations that are just a little bit farther away, and we love traveling to beautiful places to capture amazing wedding stories. To date, we've shot amazing destination weddings at Banff National Park in Canada, Aspen, Colorado, Yellowstone National Park, Gardiner, Montana, and Charleston, South Carolina. So, for a simple answer to a simple question - \"Anywhere!\".
• HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO SEE OUR PHOTOS?
Typical turnaround time for wedding galleries is about 8 weeks. For sessions, the turnaround time is usually about 14 days. You'll receive a link to a private, online gallery with access to download your photos in high resolution. You can also order prints and other products directly through your gallery store. But, if you want to have prints made on your own, you have the rights to do so with a full print release.
LET'S DO THIS THING!
It's going to be epic...
GET A CUSTOM QUOTE 
If you want stiff poses and a photographer barking 
Some families you photograph once. Others you get 
What a fun day in San Antonio! After tying the kno 
South Texas golden hour is just something else. A 
I just checked your calendar, and it turns out you 
A tiny painted chapel. A handful of people who mat 
Follow Us on Instagram 
About Us 
 Portfolio 
Investment 
 FAQ 
 Contact 
©2026 COPYRIGHT LONE OAK STUDIOS
IMAGES BY LONE OAK STUDIOS
CLOSE
HOME 
ABOUT US 
OUR WORK 
WEDDINGS 
PORTRAITS 
CONTACT 
©2021 Lone Oak Studios