Breckenridge Colorado Photographer - Michele Schanker Photography - 
Frequently Asked Questions
HOME 
BIO 
CONTACT 
NEWS 
GALLERIES 
BLOG 
BLOG 
INVESTMENT 
FAQ 
HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS WEBSITE 
Frequently Asked Questions
Where should we shoot? 
I have lists I have complied for Winter and Summer sessions. I am an on location photographer and do not shoot at rental houses. Sorry if this is disappointing, but I have several reasons as to why I don't shoot at rentals. The exception I will make for that is elopements.
I will email you this list so you have an idea of the different locations. For short sessions, I keep those to the summit county areas. I can go further for a short session, but I price these to keep them close to where I live. So if you'd like to go out of Summit County (Leadville, Vail, Avon, etc...) I will need to add on a small travel fee based on the location. 
I live here full time, and we are always out and about hiking, biking, etc.... so I find some great locations that non locals may not know about. I'm always adding to my lists. 
What time do you do your sessions? 
I shoot mostly in the evening. I do not want you looking into the sun, as you will be squinty. Especially in the winter, we have to also consider the reflection off the snow which can be very bright. If its a bluebird day and you want a mountain location with no shade that snow is realllllyyyyy bright!! So I typically keep my shoots to close to sunset.   
I can shoot early if you really want to do that, but it has to be really early. Sunrise early! Which can be brutal in the winter. I’d expect 40s or so in the summer. 
How will you deal with my kids? 
I have learned a lot over the years, being a mom myself. This is very age dependent. Sometimes I tell jokes, other times I put a stuffed animal on my head! I have some toys that I bring with me to sessions. These are toys that I feel look good in pictures. Such as a wooden truck. If a kid just isn't having it then we have fun. We will play ring around the rosie, run towards mom and dad, etc...
There are lots of Photographers in Denver who will come to summit county is there any beneift to hiring a local photographer?  
Yes, please hire a local! Especially in winter. Our weather and the drive on I-70 can make things hard for Denver photographers.  There are certainly times where a photographer from Denver just simply can not make it here. Which will leave you scrambling at the last minute, trying to find a replamcement.
My suggestion, even if you decide I'm not the right fit for you, is to take out the stress and worry and hire someone who is already up here. This can even happen in the summer with traffic, accidents, etc.. Trust me I've seen if happen more than once. 
Also, locals are going to be more receptive to shorter sessions since we don't have to factor in travel time and travel costs. 
Local photographers usually will know more locations than Sapphire Point and Lake Dillon too. I am an active outdoorsy person, so I am always looking for new spots. Places with great views, but are quietier. Sapphire Point has great views, but the parking lot can be nuts! 
I'm doing my session in summer, do I still need to dress warm? 
There can be warmer days in the summer, but there can also be very cool days in the summer. A lot of times if a storm rolls through earlier in the day it can drop the temperature quite a bit. Also some of my locations are at a pretty high elevation. This also means cooler tempertures. I have had numerous sessions where kids are just cold cause they are in shorts and the temp is 55! Cold kids means less smiles and more grumpiness. My biggest suggestion is to have some layers planned for your outfits. This could be a sweater, jean jacket, etc... Something that you don't mind putting on for pictures if you have chilly day. I will say that temps for summer sessions can range from 55 -80! Just be prepared for all temps is my best advice. 
I really can not stress this enough. I've had numerous sessions after a storm has rolled through and it is chilly out even though it is July. High elevation weather can be unpredicatble so I  suggest planning for a layer to your outifts. 
What if it rains? 
I always tell people to try and plan for the beginning of your trip in case we have bad weather. Typically rain here is short lived. It may storm at 4pm and the sun is shining at 6pm. I will watch the weather and if it looks bad for our scheduled time, I will contact you and see what our options are. That could be a different day or shooting earlier before the rain hits. 
What is your style? 
My editing style is true to color. My shooting style is a mix of candid and looking at the camera. I love the fun shots, but also want to make sure I get a good looking at the camera shot. 
Do you charge a deposit to reserve a session? 
Yes. I do a 25% deposit to reserve the day and time you are requesting. 
Is the deposit refundable? 
The deposits are non refundable . The deposit is there to compensate my time for committing to your session (emails, location scouting, etc..) and turning down other sessions.  If for some reason I had to cancel (illness, etc...) I will refund your deposit.  If you decide you don't want to shoot in the current weather, the despoit is non refundable.
Do I have to choose which package I want before my session? 
No you do not! You can wait until you see your gallery to decide which package you would like to do. If you decide you would just want a few extra images that is fine too. I am pretty flexible. 
What about mornings? My kids do better in the morning. 
I get it! I am a mom. My kids are getting older, but I remember those days of them being young. The problem with mornings, is that you are typically looking into the sun if you want a mountain view. This causes people to get squinty. To avoid this, that usually means shooting super early! Like sunrise early! If you are looking at a winter session, that also means very cold temperatures. I do have a few locations that work in the mornings with a mountain view and they are east facing instead of west. The biggest issue with those spots is they are a little further away. So if your looking to stay close to Breck, they may be a little further than you are looking for. 
I can shoot in the late morning near Breck, if you don't want a mountain view. We can stick to pine trees, aspens tress, maybe some water, etc... 
What about clothes? What should we wear? Do you have any recommendations for outfits for little girls? 
I usually tell people to pick a color scheme you like and go with that.  For instance maybe you like pink and grays. Do consider the high altitude here. Even though it's summer it can be really cool, especially those higher elevations (like blue lakes). I like to tell people to have a sweater or a jean jacket on hand. Also consider your background at your location. Some places (Rainbow Lakes for instance) have a lot of greenery in the summer. So you may not want to wear a green dress, but something that looks good against green. In the winter, you have a lot of white in your backdrop. So if you dress in a lot of black your pictures may look a bit monochrome. If you prefer something that contrasts the white snow, then go for some colors. 
Yes I have some places that I like for outfits for little girls:
Oopsie Daisy  https://oopsiedaisy.com 
Joyfolie  https://www.joyfolie.com 
I have more information about the seasons and how to dress on my blog:  https://breckenridgecoloradophotographer.com/what-to-wear/ 
How long will it take to get our photos 
I like to say 2 weeks, but there are times of year that I get super busy and it take me more like 3-4+ weeks. See the next question to know when those busy times are. 
When is your busy seasons? 
Typically I get busy from mid June - through Sept. October starts to get slower as the leaves are gone.  Then I will get busy again from Thanksgiving to New Years and the month of March for spring break. 
Will you shoot at our rental? 
I will be brutally honest, I hate shooting at rentals. So I have made it my policy that I only shoot at locations throughout summit county. 
Why do I hate shooting at rentals so much?
1. I can't check out the lighting ahead of time. Usually people want me to shoot in a direction where the lighting is not ideal. 
2. I don't always have that gorgeous mountain backdrop.
3. I don't have the space to be really creative. I like to take pictures of people walking, holding kids in the air, playing ring around the rosie, etc... Especially in the winter I'm usually confined to a deck and cant be creative. 
4. In the winter I'm typically stuck to shooting on a deck since the snow is to deep in the yards and not packed down. 
The amount of times I've shot at rentals I usually walk away feeling like those pictures could have been so much better. I want you to be happy with your pictures not feel like they were "ok".
We only have 8 people in our extended family can we do a short session? 
Honestly I still suggest doing a one hour session. I have found that even with small families, there are plenty of different groupings people want. I don't like to just take one picture of that grouping. I like to take several different ones so you have options to choose from.  I have taken on a few smaller extended families in a 30 minute session, and we almost always go over on time. I suggest just doing the one hour and if we haven't used the full time we can move around and get some different backgrounds.
How do I receive my images? 
Once you have decided on the images you want, I will look at them one last time. At that point I will provide a link to a location where you can download your images. You will also receive a print release. 
Will you provide the RAW files? 
No. Sorry this is not something that I provide. 
Will you edit in a different style if I ask 
No my style is just that. I like a true to color style. If you want more of a Light and Airy or Dark and Moody style, then I am probably not the photographer for you. Please make sure to look through my galleries to see if our styles match. 
What about dressing for winter, do you have any tips to stay warm? 
Yes I do! Please read this if you are booking a winter session. Let's start with shoes....boots to keep those feet warm. If you don't want boots in your pictures then, consider wearing the boots and changing for pictures. But also keep in mind if we've had fresh snow. You may want those boots! I will 100% recommend heated socks. You don't have to buy the $300 pair of hotronics, Amazon sells many different types. I have Snow Deer socks and have loved them. Trust me your toes will thank you. You usually can't find kids sizes in heated socks, but when my daughter was 6 or 7 I bought the smallest adult size I could find. 
Hands...bring hand warmers and open them up before you get to your session so they can get nice and warm. Then stick them in a pocket. Snow gloves do not look great in pictures, I do suggest bringing them so you can do some warm up breaks during the session. If you want mittens/gloves on during the pictures then I would suggest those knit gloves you can get a target, etc...They may not be the warmest but they will provide some protection and you can put the hand warmers in there. 
Head - consider winter hats/beanies. If it is really cold, a hat will help you stay so much warmer. 
Body - I suggest wearing thermals under your clothes. Especially if you are wearing jeans, as jeans as not very warm. Ladies, if you've decided to wear a dress to a snow session, consider some fleece leggings underneath. Just make sure they do not show. Sweaters are always great to provide some extra warmth. Or even fleece pullovers. Do consider the weather when you choose your outfit, especially if you don't want coats on.
I always say to bring your winter coats, even if its just for warm up breaks. If you do choose to wear coats for the pictures, I would suggest having something neutral or earth tones. In other words don't bring the bright yellow ski jacket. Consider bringing a peacoat or something similar. 
What is the best way to contact you? 
Honestly email is the best. I live an area that does not always have great cell service. I respond to emails pretty quickly. Usually if I don't its because I'm out of town for a few days. 
Do you have any tips for young kids? 
YES!  I do plesase read this for the young ones. 
1. When driving to our session, make sure they do not fall asleep in the car. If they do this can make for some tired and unpleasant kiddos. So try and keep them awake. 
2. Bring snacks that are considered a treat but not messy. For instance frusit snacks. Sometimes I have some with me, but not all the time. So make sure to bring something in case we need to bribe them or they get hungry. 
3. If. you have a little girl, and they are wearing a dress, make sure to put shorts or a diaper cover on. Sometimes I may have you lift them in the air, etc....and you may see the diaper. So something to cover it up to make it look better in pictures. 
4. Bring wipes! Again I may have some with me, but if I run out or something they are good to have for dirty hands. 
How many people can you fit into a mini session? 
I would say max of 5, maybe 6 people. Once sessions push up to 7 or more people I find that a 30 minute session doesn't always work. Uusally there are a lot more combinations of pictures that people want, and we end up going over the 30 minutes. I don't like to take just one pose/style of a family. I like you to have options to choose from. So I will do some looking at the camera and some candid as well. 
Why did you start a weekend surcharge?  
This extra charge only applies to Saturday and Sunday sessions. I find that my time with my family is really important on the weekends. Espeically with my husband hainvg a 9-5 weekday job and the kids are in school. When I take a Saturday session it means its hard to have a family ski day, go camping, take a weekend trip, etc... 
I see that you offer a package with an album, if there a reason why I should order the album instead of printing my own book? 
My albums/books are ordered from a professional photolab. Therefore the quality is much better then shuterfly, blurb. etc.... 
I'm interested in a 15 minute mirco session, where excatly do you shoot for these?  
Since these sessions are so short, I keep them very close to my house. The only caveat to that is if I can book 2+ sessions on the same date back to back then I will venture to places like Sapphire Point. I live in Blue River, about 4 miles from Breckenridge. So micro sessions could be held at a trailhead in Blue River with pine trees, the sawmill museum, or the Illinois Gulch Trail. Essentailly it has to be a location within 5 miles of my house (Blue River Rd). 
How many pictures will be in my gallery? 
Honestly, I tend to overshoot and over deliver. Especailly with little kids! For a 30 minute session you may have 100 images to choose from. Now I will say that there will be several that are similar. I tend to shoot horizontal, vertical, full length, and close up so you have plenty of options to choose from. 
&times;
Capture you Breckenridge vacation memories with Michele Schanker Photography! We service Blue River, Breckenridge, Frisco, Dillon, Keystone, Silverthorne, Alma, and Fairplay. 
Email Michele Schanker Photography at michele@micheleschankerphotography.com to reserve your session.
MUSIC
ON
OFF
all rights reserved © 2015