Breckenridge Colorado Photographer - Michele Schanker Photography - 
SESSION PACKAGES
HOME 
BIO 
CONTACT 
NEWS 
GALLERIES 
BLOG 
BLOG 
INVESTMENT 
FAQ 
HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS WEBSITE 
SESSION PACKAGES
FAMILY SESSIONS 
Michele Schanker Photography  believes in offering both short (30 minute) and long (60 minute) sessions. I have found that lots of families are fine with short sessions on their vacations. I get it! It's vacation, and people want to be off having fun and adventures.
I will work with you to help determine a good location based on what you desire for your portrait background. Short sessions are  30 minutes  long and are for individual families.  These can not be accomplished for extended families. There just is not enough time to get all the groupings in. 
Weekend Surcharge:  There is  a surchage for sessions on a Saturday or Sunday. This extra chage is $50 for weekend sessions. At this point in time there is not an extra charge for Friday sessions. 
Short session (30 Minute): 
1. 30 minute session with 10 digital images is $350
2. 30 minute session with 20 digital images is $525
3. 30 minute session with the entire gallery is $740
Long Sessions are an hour long. These are designed for families that want a longer session and extended families. 
Long session (1 hour): 
1. 1 hour session with 20 digital images is $550
2. 1 hour session with 40 digital images is $730
3. 1 hour session with the entire gallery is $900
4. 1 hour session with the entire gallery and a 20 page layflat album $1100. 
Micro Session:  
These are new for winter of 2024! Due to how short these sessions are I am keeping them close to where I live (Blue River). 
These sessions will be 15 minutes long. Due to limited packed down snow in the winter, these sessions can only be accomplished for families of 4 or less. Locations will most likely be pine tress and snow in the Blue River area. If you want a mountain view then please consider a short or long session for your family. To see a sample of a micro sessions check out this session on my blog:
https://breckenridgecoloradophotographer.com/2024/12/06/daniela-chance-blue-river/ 
Cost will be $185 and include 5 digital images with a print release. 
ON SLOPE SKIING SESSIONS 
I have started to offer  on mountain skiing/boarding sessions. I have Epic pass and an Ikon pass. So I can meet you at Breckenridge, Keystone, or Copper to capture some on mountain skiing/boarding pictures. These sessions will last 60-90 minutes. We will take a few runs, in which I will capture some actions shots, some top of the mountain shots, and on the lift shots! Maybe we can even capture some hot cocoa pictures by the fire if time allows. Yes I can also do Vail and Beaver Creek (but due to distance and parking, I do have to add on a travel fee). 
If you are interested in an on mountain session, I do highly suggest doing this on a weeekday. If you are interested to see what an on mountain session looks like. Check out this session on my bloig:
https://breckenridgecoloradophotographer.com/2024/12/26/f-family-on-mountain-snowboarding/ 
These sessions will start at $650. 
Please email us for details on packages for on slope sessions michele@micheleschankerphotography.com
PROPOSALS 
I get asked from time to time do you do proposals? Yes I do. I will either hide out in the trees or act like I'm a tourist taking scenic pictures. You can choose a quick 30 minute session or a longer session to suit your needs. Short sessions and one hour sessions, follow the family pricing that is listed above.
However if you want to take it to the next level and shoot at multiple locations we could also plan for a 2 hour shoot. The 2 hour shoot, we will hit multiple locations to get you some different backdrops. the cost for this shoot is $1100 and will inlucde all of your proofs.
If you are thinking of an on mountain skiing proposal session, please inquire about pricing. I have to charge more for skiing proposals due to the session taking a longer amount of time. 
WEDDINGS/ENGAGEMETS/ELOPEMENTS 
I do have experience with weddings and engagements. However, years ago I decided to focus on families and kids.  I am open to doing some micro weddings, elopements, and engagements. However I do not do large weddings. If you fall into this category (of short weddings) then please email me for further pricing information.  michele@micheleschankerphotography.com 
WINTER HOT COCOA SESSIONS 
These sessions are great if you just want a few pictures of your kids in the snow. I have some white mugs I can bring with me and we will put marshmallows in them to look like hot cooca. If you don't feel comfortable with me providing the mugs or marshmallows, then bring your own. These are very short and simple sessions. If you are wanting pictures of your kids in the snow but not wanting to do a family session, this is perfect! Time estimate is about 10 minutes for no more than 2 kids. If you have more then 2 kids then it may take longer, feel free to contact me for more information. 
Cost is $185  and you will get 5 digital images
SUMMER HIKING SESSIONS 
Does your family enjoy hiking? I am familiar with some very short hikes in the Blue River/ Breckenridge area. These hikes are about 1-1.5 miles long. We can take some time to hike out, capture some pictures on the way and then do a family session at our final destination. If this is something you are interested in please contact me at  michele@micheleschankerphotography.com 
These sessions starts at $650.  
&times;
Capture you Breckenridge vacation memories with Michele Schanker Photography! We service Blue River, Breckenridge, Frisco, Dillon, Keystone, Silverthorne, Alma, and Fairplay. 
Email Michele Schanker Photography at michele@micheleschankerphotography.com to reserve your session.
MUSIC
ON
OFF
all rights reserved © 2015