Gigi C Weddings | Premier Wedding Planner in Telluride, CO 
NAVIGATE
Home
 About
 Services
 portfolio
 contact
Home about services portfolio 
 contact 
Gigi C Weddings - Premier Wedding Planner in Telluride, Colorado
curating life’s most celebrated moments by cultivating intentional gatherings
serving telluride, mountain village, the greater western slope region of colorado and beyond
Your wedding isn’t simply about exchanging vows — it should be an immersive experience, one where you fully lose yourself in the magic of the day, creating memories you’ll always cherish.
view packages
Ready to create the wedding of your dreams? Let's do this.
We believe in simplifying the process for you so you can relax and revel in the moment. We've got the wedding planning process down to a science
here's what we do:
01.
Full- Service Wedding Planning
 This package is ideal for couples seeking the highest level of attention and involvement from start to finish. From concept and budget to selecting the perfect flatware for your table, we ensure that every detail is meticulously handled. You can rely on us to provide everything you could possibly need to create your dream event. Let us turn your vision into reality!
Learn more
02.
Month-Of Coordination
You plan your dream wedding, and we bring it to fruition! Our month-of planning service allows you to enjoy the final weeks leading up to your wedding without worrying about logistics. Our experienced coordinators will anticipate challenges and ensure everything runs smoothly, allowing you to focus on making memories.
Learn more
03.
Design Planning
Our design package is perfect for couples planning their own wedding who may be struggling to conceptualize their vision. With our comprehensive design decks and tailored vendor suggestions, we will help you create a gorgeous and unforgettable event! Let us bring your dream wedding to life
Learn more
Angela did an AMAZING job making our day perfect. She was easy to communicate with and very competent on the vendors and pricing in the area.
— Martina Steffes, bride —
Let me tell you—Angela is the BEST! She was on top of communication leading up to the day and made sure I was able to document the wedding well from start to finish.
— Lauren VanDame, photographer —
She just got us. Our story. Our sense of adventure. Our love. She took all of that and helped us find vendors and craft details to make an intimate ceremony, tasty dinner and fun reception.
— Kari Patey, bride —
Client Love
Total foodie, espresso martini babe, who swears I was in love with all pink everything before barbie was popular again!
I specialize in creating unforgettable weddings from intimate mountain ceremonies to grand destination celebrations
Starting in 2025, Gigi C Weddings will be expanding our services to national and international destinations! Let us help you turn your dream day into reality and create your unforgettable story. 
About us
our style
 a deep well of inspiration
Drawing deeply from the awe-inspiring natural settings around us, we love to highlight what nature gives us while making it uniquely yours. Whether you prefer classic and timeless aesthetics, mountain chic or island vibes, we’ve got you covered! You can count on us to bring your vision to life. 
Borrowing influence from our world travels, fashion, rugged beauty, global music, and epicurean cuisine, we live for curating an unparalleled experience for you and your loved ones that you will never forget. Come join us in this adventure! 
view our portfolio
our signature offering
 Plan a wedding day that only dreams are made of !
With our full service planning package, your only worry will be when to pop the next bottle of bubbles. Sit back and relax- we’ll take it from here!
tell me more
our mission
Crafting unforgettable celebrations with style and helping
couples plan
their dream wedding
our services
Show-Stopping weddings tailored to your love story
Let every detail be a reflection of your love, celebrating the unique love story of two people joining together as one! Explore our range of services designed to help you craft an unforgettable love story. What story do you want to tell? 
let's do this
Instagram
Check out our insta for the most update photos of our events!
@weddingsby_gigi
Home
 about
 services
 portfolio
© Gigi C Weddings 2023. All rights reserved. | Legal | Site Credits 
contact