Preston Benson Videography - Southwest Colorado Video Production based in Durango: Director of Photograhy, Drone Pilot, Telluride Wedding Videographer, Corporate and Industrial Films, Real Estate Videos and Video Depositions 
Preston Benson Videography 
Menu
Home 
My Work 
Weddings 
Real Estate 
Drone 
Legal 
Bio 
Contact 
2021 Video Production Reel 
Monday, July 3, 2023
We are a video production service based in Durango, Colorado serving the greater Four Corners region including Cortez, Pagosa Springs, Silverton, Telluride, Ouray, Montrose and Farmington. We offer a range of production capabilities including television commercials, documentary work, corporate and industrial, wedding video, real estate video, and video depositions.
Read More 
First Southwest Bank 
Thursday, June 19, 2025
In 2024 1st Southwest Bank celebrated their 10-year anniversary as a Colorado community-focused bank. First Established in the San Luis Valley, the bank works closely with rural Colorado&#8230;
Real Estate Agent Profile | The Wells Group 
Wednesday, May 28, 2025
Choosing a realtor can be a challenge because frankly there are a lot of realtors to choose from. Justin Osborn wanted to set himself apart from the crowd,&#8230;
ASAP Vacation Rental Accounting 
Wednesday, May 28, 2025
ASAP Accounting was established years ago in Telluride, Colorado, one of Colorado&#8217;s top tourist destinations. With the rise of the Vacation Rental industry in the last decade, ASAP&#8230;
Purgatory Ski Resort Weddings 
Wednesday, May 28, 2025
One of my favorite places to shoot wedding films is right up HWY 550 from Durango, Colorado at the one and only Purgatory Ski Resort. Beautiful mountain peaks&#8230;
Adam + Kelly | Pagosa Springs, CO 
Wednesday, November 29, 2023
A beautiful couple, a pastoral setting, and an incredible love story make this wedding film one of my top picks! Shout out to the staff at Sombrilla Springs&#8230;
Telluride Wedding Videographer 
Saturday, November 18, 2023
This day was truly one of the most magical wedding days I&#8217;ve ever had the pleasure of experiencing in Telluride, Colorado. And this is why you want a&#8230;
Our Culture is Our Strength 
Monday, November 6, 2023
Proud to have been involved in the production of &#8220;Our Culture is Our Strength&#8221; (2021) documentary as the Director of Photography for the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe in&#8230;
Thinking Egg III by ORIJIN 
Friday, September 29, 2023
What fun it was working with Burning Boat Films as Director for this film promoting the kickstarter fundraiser of the Orijin Thinking Egg III. Filming took place right&#8230;
Powder Term 
Monday, September 4, 2023
Powder Term is a fully immersive, non-traditional learning experience that empowers 6th-8th graders to stretch their limits in every way imaginable. For five weeks, students trade mind-numbing lectures&#8230;
Luxurious French Country Cottage with Exclusive Lake Access, Durango, Colorado 
Wednesday, August 16, 2023
Welcome to this iconic lakefront home in Durango, Colorado located down a secluded winding road through the aspen and pine trees of the San Juan Forest, perched on&#8230;
Florence Farms | Premium Race Horse Hay 
Saturday, January 8, 2022
We had amazing opportunity to work with Paige Florence of Florence Farms to produce a marketing video for her premium race horse hay production business. Her company has&#8230;
FirstNet, Built with AT&#038;T | Mental Wellness in EMS 
Wednesday, October 27, 2021
Our production company was tapped to provide a full production crew for this full day shoot for FirstNet, built by AT&T, the nation&#8217;s first high-speed, wireless broadband network&#8230;
Headstrong Foundation | Gavin&#8217;s Story 
Monday, June 14, 2021
Here&#8217;s the final product from a DP job in Denver, Colorado for the Headstrong Foundation filmed last year at the beginning of the COVID19 pandemic. Watch to learn&#8230;
EasyCare &#8211; A New Line of Products 
Wednesday, May 13, 2020
EasyCare Owner and President Garret Ford tapped our company to shoot videos for their new line of high end endurance equine footwear. Their company manufactures top of the&#8230;
Tuffy Social Media Giveaway Video 
Wednesday, May 13, 2020
Our company was pleased to work with the Marketing Department at Tuffy Security Products, a manufacturing company in Cortez, Colorado to write and produce a video designed to&#8230;
Tuffy Security Products 
Wednesday, April 29, 2020
Welcome to Tuffy headquarters. Since 1989, we have been making the toughest vehicle lock-boxes for trucks, jeeps and SUVs right here at our manufacturing center in Cortez, Colorado&#8230;.
Durango Downtown Ambassadors 
Thursday, August 1, 2019
Next time you find yourself in downtown Durango, make sure to look out for the friendly folks in RED! These folks are your friendly Downtown Durango Ambassadors and&#8230;
Stylized Winter Wedding | Telluride 
Monday, April 16, 2018
I had the pleasure of being invited along on an exclusive stylized winter wedding shoot to work with top wedding vendors in Telluride, Colorado. The shoot was organized&#8230;
Open Sky Wilderness Therapy 
Saturday, May 13, 2017
Open Sky Wilderness Therapy made a big investment in updating their branding and marketing tool kit, along with a new website and brand new videos. Each of the&#8230;
Keesee Motor Company 
Friday, November 4, 2016
Filmed on a beautiful ranch property south of Cortez, Colorado this commercial will undoubtedly tug on the heart strings. Keesee Motor Company asked me to write a script&#8230;
United Pipeline | Industrial Film 
Wednesday, May 28, 2025
United Pipeline is a worldwide industrial powerhouse offering the manufacturing and installation of an innovative pipeline liner called TiteLiner. While the product has many applications, it was difficult&#8230;
Durango Wedding Film | Colvig Silver Camps 
Saturday, November 18, 2023
Kaitlin and Jesse married at a summer camp they both attended way back when. Colvig Silver Camps made for an incredibly beautiful and nostalgic venue for this awesome&#8230;
Posts pagination
1 
 2 
 &hellip; 
 16 
 Next Page &raquo; 
Search for: 
WEDDING VIDEOGRAPHY 
DRONE VIDEOGRAPHY 
INDUSTRIAL FILMS 
DP &#8211; DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY 
VIDEO DEPOSITIONS / LEGAL VIDEO 
REAL ESTATE VIDEO & PHOTO 
CORPORATE VIDEOS 
TELEVISION / FILM PRODUCTION 
FULL PRODUCTION TEAM 
KICKSTARTER / FUNDRAISING / NON-PROFIT 
MUSIC VIDEOS 
Motion Graphics 
TESTIMONIALS 
(970) 250-8261 info@prestonbenson.com 
Facebook 
Instagram 
Vimeo 
THE DURANGO VIDEO PRO
 Profesional video production services and Wedding Videography based in Durango, Colorado and serving the greater Four Corners region including Cortez, Pagosa Springs, Bloomfield, Silverton, Telluride, Ouray, Montrose, Moab, Utah and Farmington, New Mexico offering a range of production capabilities including TV commercials, documentary work, corporate and industrial web video, wedding videos, real estate video and video depositions.
As a director of photography in Durango, I&#8217;ve worked with big brands on large productions for companies such as AT&T, Coca-Cola, Lincoln Hotel Group, HGTV, Sierra Club, Grand Gulf Energy, One Energy and Tuffy Security Products. Whether you need a large production team for a video shoot in the Southwest, or a Durango videographer to promote your business we can provide premium cinematic video content that engages your audience.
As a Durango videographer with over 15 years experience in Southwest Colorado, I also provide video services for the non-profit sector, TV commercials for regional auto dealers and video of Durango tourist attractions. We also have a large archive of Durango, Colorado video b-roll on hand to add eye-catching visuals to any regional video project.
As a video production company dedicated to producing the very best video content for your brand, we are also motion graphics pros in After Affects and have the capability to add a produced look to any video by creating custom animations of your logo and other graphic elements that will make your video stand out.
COLORADO WEDDING VIDEOGRAPHER
 Pagosa Springs Wedding Videographer 
Durango Wedding Videographer 
Telluride Wedding Videographer 
Colorado Wedding Videographer 
Testimonials
 "Preston came to our rescue when we were given a stressfully short timeframe for two infomercials relating to a strategically and politically important International Webinar. Sadly, work ethic is not a given anymore, but Preston rose to the occasion, worked his tail off, and at the same time provided an outstanding professional product." 
 - Tim Rynott, CEO, Four Corners Helium, LLC 
"Preston is a consummate professional and an incredible videographer and photographer. His drone and camera work for a couple of corporate shoots for my company turned out absolutely perfect. He shot an active construction site, worked seamlessly with contractors, and turned out an amazing product. Cannot recommend him highly enough." 
 - Nathan Stottler, One Energy 
"Preston is an amazing videographer. He really knows how to capture the property, land and views. I am so grateful for Preston's wonderful videography skills!" 
 - Anand McManus, Keller Williams Realty 
"Words will never provide justice or capture the gratitude my wife and I have for Preston and his incredible work. This was a couple of years in the making- LITERALLY! Throughout it all, Preston maintained contact, provided insight of the area, worked with us to put together a plan and when the day finally came, made magic of the moment. If you're looking for a videographer to capture your special moment, consider no one else. You won't regret it! THANK YOU PRESTON!" 
 - Sean and Alexandra Fuentes 
"Preston was amazing to work with. More importantly, he listened to my vision and created EXACTLY what I was wanting." 
 - Carol Cardwell, Cardwell Aukerman Photography 
"If you’re looking for a professional who can direct your project and produce high quality video programming consider Preston." 
 - Jamie McMillan 
"He is a competent professional, with an excellent skill set, and fun to work with, to boot!" - Matt Patton 
"My husband and I got married near Durango in August 2019 and hired Preston as our videographer for our wedding. Preston did an amazing job capturing our special day in a short video that we watch over and over again! We've received so many compliments on this video, especially from those who were unable to attend the wedding and could still watch the best moments from our special day! He also recorded our entire ceremony and the toasts given during our reception which we loved watching on our 1 year anniversary! We highly recommend Preston as your videographer! 
 - Angie Schmitz 
View More 
Copyright &copy; 2026 &middot; All Rights Reserved &middot; Preston Benson Videography
Magazine Theme v4 by Organic Themes &middot; WordPress Hosting &middot; RSS Feed &middot; Log in