Legal Video & Video Deposition Services - Preston Benson Videography 
Preston Benson Videography 
Menu
Home 
My Work 
Weddings 
Real Estate 
Drone 
Legal 
Bio 
Contact 
Legal Video &#038; Video Deposition Services
Legal videographers with 7 years of experience based in Grand Junction and Durango, Colorado covering video depositions across the Western Slope of Colorado, including Cortez, Pagosa Springs, Telluride, Alamosa and Montrose , as well as Moab, UT and Farmington, NM.
With over 6 years of experience in legal video and video deposition services, our team of legal videographers cover the rural western slope of Colorado and the four corners region. Certified by the National Court Reporter&#8217;s Association as a Certified Legal Video Specialist in 2018, we follow their national standards in video deposition coverage. From Grand Junction, Montrose, Durango and Telluride, to Cortez and Pagosa Springs. We cover as far out as Alamosa and Gunnison, Colorado, as well as Southeast Utah, Moab, Bluff and Monticello, to Northwest New Mexico, Farmington, Kirkland and Chama. 
Video Depositions / Site Inspections 
Day-in-the-Life Video Documentaries 
NCRA Certified Legal Video Specialist (Nov. 2018)
Professional Audio / Backdrop / Lights 
Digital Deposition Delivery 
Video/Transcript Syncing Services 
Support for all Trial Software 
Our team have worked with many of the large litigation services and can meet their standards and requirements: PohlmanUSA , AB Litigation Services , Veritext , Magna Legal , Huseby Global Litigation Services and many more. We are happy to work directly with local legal teams, and can provide digital video deposition delivery, video and transcript syncing services that are compatible with any Trial Presentation Software.
Our experienced legal video team have extensive knowledge of legal procedures, and are able to facilitate remote depositions, remote video conferencing and remote court appearances. Our professional video and audio equipment is dedicated for the specific purpose of video deposition services with setups including five or more wired microphones for the highest audio quality. Contact us about deposition video services today at 970-250-8261.
WEDDING VIDEOGRAPHY 
DRONE VIDEOGRAPHY 
INDUSTRIAL FILMS 
DP &#8211; DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY 
VIDEO DEPOSITIONS / LEGAL VIDEO 
REAL ESTATE VIDEO & PHOTO 
CORPORATE VIDEOS 
TELEVISION / FILM PRODUCTION 
FULL PRODUCTION TEAM 
KICKSTARTER / FUNDRAISING / NON-PROFIT 
MUSIC VIDEOS 
Motion Graphics 
TESTIMONIALS 
(970) 250-8261 info@prestonbenson.com 
Facebook 
Instagram 
Vimeo 
The Durango Video Pro
 Profesional video production services and Wedding Videography based in Durango, Colorado and serving the greater Four Corners region including Cortez, Pagosa Springs, Bloomfield, Silverton, Telluride, Ouray, Montrose, Moab, Utah and Farmington, New Mexico offering a range of production capabilities including TV commercials, documentary work, corporate and industrial web video, wedding videos, real estate video and video depositions.
As a director of photography in Durango, I&#8217;ve worked with big brands on large productions for companies such as AT&T, Coca-Cola, Lincoln Hotel Group, HGTV, Sierra Club, Grand Gulf Energy, One Energy and Tuffy Security Products. Whether you need a large production team for a video shoot in the Southwest, or a Durango videographer to promote your business we can provide premium cinematic video content that engages your audience.
As a Durango videographer with over 15 years experience in Southwest Colorado, I also provide video services for the non-profit sector, TV commercials for regional auto dealers and video of Durango tourist attractions. We also have a large archive of Durango, Colorado video b-roll on hand to add eye-catching visuals to any regional video project.
As a video production company dedicated to producing the very best video content for your brand, we are also motion graphics pros in After Affects and have the capability to add a produced look to any video by creating custom animations of your logo and other graphic elements that will make your video stand out.
COLORADO WEDDING VIDEOGRAPHER
 Pagosa Springs Wedding Videographer 
Durango Wedding Videographer 
Telluride Wedding Videographer 
Colorado Wedding Videographer 
Recent Posts
First Southwest Bank 
Real Estate Agent Profile | The Wells Group 
ASAP Vacation Rental Accounting 
United Pipeline | Industrial Film 
Purgatory Ski Resort Weddings 
Tags
 adventure 
 advertisement 
 Auto 
 Automotive 
 Car Dealership 
 commercial 
 community 
 coporate 
 corporate 
 cortez 
 documentary 
 drone 
 Durango 
 Durango Motor Company 
 Durango Wedding 
 Farmington 
 film 
 Ford 
 industrial 
 Luxury 
 manufacturing 
 marketing 
 mountains 
 non-profit 
 outdoors 
 Pagosa Springs 
 Purgatory 
 ranch 
 real estate 
 realtor 
 Reel 
 Skiing 
 Television 
 telluride 
 testimonials 
 tourism 
 TV 
 TV ad 
 video tour 
 web 
 web video 
 Wedding 
 Wedding Videography 
 Winter 
 youth 
Copyright &copy; 2026 &middot; All Rights Reserved &middot; Preston Benson Videography
Magazine Theme v4 by Organic Themes &middot; WordPress Hosting &middot; RSS Feed &middot; Log in