Colorado Photographer 
0 
Skip to Content
Welcome
Book me
Galleries
About me
Investment
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Welcome
Book me
Galleries
About me
Investment
Welcome
Book me
Galleries
About me
Investment
Joyful, timeless wedding photography rooted in intention.
 FOR COUPLES WHO VALUE MEANING, LEGACY, AND CELEBRATION.
 serving couples in Colorado and wherever the road leads us
Inquire
Wedding days are full of movement, meaning, and moments that matter. I believe in honoring the commitment you’re making while fully embracing the joy, adventure, and personality that make your relationship yours. 
 My work is guided by faith, grounded in intention, and centered on creating images that feel honest, warm, and timeless. No matter where or how you choose to celebrate. 
 I believe wedding days are meant to be joyful, meaningful, and deeply personal. I photograph with intention, warmth, and a whole lot of heart. I want your images to reflect not only how your day looked, but how it felt .
marriage is worth celebrating well
Inquire
“Meeting Addie was like meeting the long lost friend that I didn't know I was looking for. [She] made us feel like a priority.”
Michelle A.
“Addie went above and beyond! Her dedication shines through in every photograph, and we feel incredibly fortunate to have had you as our wedding photographer.”
Haley B.
“She was the perfect vibe and energy for our special day. I felt like I had known her for years.“
Jillian J.
“As life throws us all curveballs, Addy had several thrown her way but her service and kindness did not suffer one bit.”
Patty H.
What working together feels like
Joyful energy 
 I bring encouragement, calm direction, and a whole lot of heart so you can stay present and enjoy your day.
respect for meaning
 Whether your celebration is faith-based, deeply personal, or rooted in tradition, I photograph with care and respect for what marriage represents to you.
Timeless approach
 Clean, honest imagery that holds up long after trends fade.
LET'S PLAN YOUR DAY!
A glimpse into celebrations I’ve had the honor of documenting
Weddings
Engagements
Families
Ready to make the investment for your forever memories?
Check out my services
It’s more than just finding the right aesthetic and pricing… 
it’s about the feeling you get when you meet the person responsible for capturing the most important moments of your life. From our first phone call to your anniversaries for years to come, I’ll be there finding the light and providing support for every step. 
 Together, we can capture your relationship exactly how it feels when it’s just the two of you - perfection *chefs kiss* 
 Let’s see if I’d be a good fit! 
get to know me
Want to hear what other Addie Knott couples have to say? 
Read the reviews
Follow me on the gram!
Find your way around…
Services 
 Book Me! 
Privacy Policy
 Terms and Conditions
Copyright Addie Knott Photo 2019-2026 | All Rights Reserved