Colorado Wedding Photographer - hannahhenke.com 
Photographing your moments in San Francisco, California
contact 
ABOUT 
blog 
travel 
investment 
HANNAH HENKE
 blog INVESTMENT Contact
 PRESENCE OVER PERFECTION
travel about 
presence over perfection
COLORADO WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER
I'm a Colorado wedding photographer, capturing your love wherever it calls home. 
presence over perfection...
for the couples who value
learn more 
Your moments and your people matter.
 The laughter. The glances. The fleeting seconds you'll want to remember forever.
After nearly a decade of photographing weddings, I’ve learned this:
Your wedding isn’t about perfect timelines or perfect poses.
It’s about you and your partner being present with the people who mean everything to you — the ones who helped you become who you are.
less of me, more of you
MY 
ROLE IS SIMPLE: 
Your day is meant to be lived, fully and without distraction. As a Colorado wedding photographer, I capture the uncurated moments, the joy, and the energy that comes from being present with your people.
The images follow naturally, a byproduct of your day, preserving the moments that matter most in a way you’ll return to again and again.
contact 
your 
day, 
your rhythm 
But oh my gosh, it it was one of the best wedding decisions we collectively made. 
When our daughter and fiancée from Denver suggested bringing Hannah down to Texas for their wedding, I was a bit skeptical of the need for that. 
- Father of the bride || Marisa & blake barnes
She captured so many brilliant moments; we have more great photos from Hannah than places to display them. Lovely demeanor and fantastic artistry.
Don’t keep looking, book Hannah. She captures light and love and special moments with such purity and authenticity. 
We never felt like we were being intentionally posed or asked to be anything other than ourselves. Spending time loving on each other and laughing was a blast. 
- makayla and mitchell
Looking at our photos I feel gorgeous but also like myself, and that the range of emotions were memorialized. We have gotten so many compliments from our family and guests about how gorgeous each of her photos are.
every time we look back at our wedding photos, we tear up because they are so stunning and bring all the feelings from the day right back to life. 
Hannah was absolutely amazing to work with—so positive, fun, and truly a joy to have by our side on our wedding day. She understood our vision perfectly and captured every moment so beautifully. She has an incredible talent for photographing emotion; 
- Loghean and Huntley
One thing that meant so much to us was that she captured at least one photo of every single guest who attended. That level of care and attention made the experience even more special. We are beyond grateful for her and will cherish these photos forever.
your moments, preserved
Timeless photographs begin with your story. 
Tell me about your celebration!
let's talk 
timeless
view more
Natural Wedding Photos: How to Look Comfortable in Front of the Camera 
Camp Hale Wedding on Film | Colorado Mountain Wedding Near Vail 
A Summer Wedding at 3 Peaks Ranch 
The 5 Most Scenic Outdoor Wedding Venues in Colorado 
The Ultimate Downtown Denver Location Guide for Engagement Photography 
4 Tips on What To Wear for Engagement Photos 
As a Colorado wedding photographer, I document celebrations throughout Denver, Boulder, the foothills, mountain towns, and destinations worldwide. My work is rooted in presence over perfection, preserving the moments, relationships, and memories that become part of your family's story.
Colorado Wedding Photographer
About Home blog Travel investment contact me Colorado
Wedding
Photographer
H
 Hannah Henke
traveling to wherever you call home. 
@hannah henke 2026. All Rights Reserved. 
colorado WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER