Colorado Wedding & Elopement Photographer 
x. CLOSE MENU
contact Blog Kind Words Engagement
family
Weddings About Home Elopements 
Scroll
Contact BLOG family engagements Weddings About Home Elopements 
Contact BLOG Engagement family Weddings About Home Elopements 
Meet me
 “It’s got to be that can’t-eat, can’t-sleep, reach-for-the-stars, over-the-fence, World Series kind of stuff.” l love capturing what is real right in front of me. I capture love stories in a way that feels effortless, elegant, and true to life.
o you dream of elegance mixed with beautiful mountain views?
If you're searching for those jaw-dropping, frame-worthy photos that belong front and center in your home - I'm your girl!
I’m Michelle—a wife, a mom, and a wedding, elopement, and family photographer based in beautiful Colorado. Photography isn’t just what I do—it's what I love.
D
Your colorado Wedding & elopement Photographer
Hi, I'm Michelle!
families
Elopements
Weddings
 I will capture Your Story - from the details, to getting ready with the people most important to you, to those romantic bride and groom photos. I’m all about the true emotion in all the moments! My flex is making sure the timeline is followed to precision - allowing you to be worry-free and enjoying your special Colorado wedding day.
hen it comes to your Colorado wedding or elopement, I am here to make sure you have a stress-free and fun filled day! 
W
My Approach to Wedding & elopement Photography
elegant • vibrant • true to life
family
Elopements
WEddings
Have a Look around
the Colorado Wedding & Elopement Photography Galleries
ver since I was a young, I have loved taking pictures. Of course, back then it was on the “digital cameras.” Phones were just coming out and a cell phone with a camera was just a thought. I always had my camera in hand and was snapping those important moments that I wanted to remember. Once I got my first nice camera as an adult, photography became an instant hobby and passion. 
 At some point my hobbies and the things I cared about most became my work. :) 
E
My Background As a Colorado wedding , elopement , and family Photographer
My experience
inquire
Thank you so much for capturing our day and every emotion that went with it! You really made my photo book dreams come true that I've had since I was a little girl. We were SOBBING when we were looking at these. Thanks again for taking amazing photos and capturing so many beautiful moments!
We can’t stop looking at them. :)
denver, co
marissa & dan
Michelle, was the perfect photographer for our micro wedding in Colorado at Garden of the Gods! She was super personal, professional, and her photos are absolutely amazing! We are so happy we have such beautiful pictures to remember our special day!
garden of the god's, co
katlin & jacob
I can not rave about Michelle enough! Her communication was outstanding and working with her was easy and comfortable! She kept our wedding timeline, on time and made sure we had every photo we wanted done! Would do this wedding over THE SAME WAY 100x thanks to Michelle! 
Colorado barn Wedding
Grace & Steven
Michelle was great to work with! She had good communication skills throughout the whole process, gave us a color and styling guide prior to the photo shoot, a bubbly personality, and made it fun! Thanks again!
bear creek park, colorado springs co
Zachary Gius
It wouldn’t be a Colorado Wedding without the rain, clouds, & sun! Michelle did an amazing job adapting to Mother Nature! She saw our vision and brought it to life! We couldn’t be happier with our photos! We are so thankful for her talent, kind soul, & passion. We appreciate you Michelle!
-Natalie & Jeff
Hillside Gardens Venue, colorado springs co
Natalie Gratzmiller
Michelle was absolutely amazing during our private elopement!! She went above and beyond to make our special day even more magical!! The pictures were beyond what we could have ever hoped for. 10/10 would recommend!!
-Rachel
Garden of the gods, colorado springs co
Rachel Zimmerman
Michelle is so amazing!! The pictures she took captured the fun energy for the day. She made me and my husband/party feel so comfortable when we were taking pictures. She was really good with communication and posing. She catered to all of our out of the box photo requests. She got the pictures back to us earlier than she was contracted to. If you are in the market for someone to make your wedding fantastic she’s your gal!
-Taylor
wedgewood weddings, colorado springs co
taylor lavenski
We are absolutely thrilled with the experience we had with Michelle Betz as our wedding photographer! She truly went above and beyond to make sure we got the most breathtaking and memorable pictures from our special day. Every photo is a testament to her incredible talent and attention to detail.
 Not only is she a gifted photographer, but she is also incredibly sweet and personable, which made the whole process enjoyable and stress-free. She made us feel comfortable in front of the camera and captured the most genuine and heartfelt moments with such ease.
 We couldn't be happier with the results and highly recommend Michelle to anyone looking for someone who will bring their vision to life with professionalism, warmth, and artistry!
Creekside Terrace , colorado springs co
Megan Collier
,, 
When you book your Colorado wedding or elopement with Michelle Betz Photography, i'll have you kissing, hugging, skipping, dancing, strolling, maybe twirling if your a twirling kinda girl. We will go with the flow of sunset. I'll be directing and posing, and you will not have to worry about a thing! 
weddings • elopements • families • Engagements
PLEASE NOTE:
WEDDINGS START FROM $3,999
ELOPEMENTS FROM $2,200
PORTRAITS FROM $750
To Hear from you :)
Excited 
I'm
Contact BLOG Kind Words family engagement Weddings elopements About Home 
Hello@michellebetzphotogaphy.com 
719.310.0837 
Serving • Colorado-Weddings , Colorado-Elopements , Colorado-Engagements , Colorado-Springs Maternity , Colorado Springs , Manitou Springs, Aurora , Brighton , Evergreen , Monument , Denver, Castle Rock, Woodland Park , Fort Collins , Breckenridge , Englewood, Falcon, Telluride, Loveland , Boulder , Golden , Summit County, Pikes Peak Region
Privacy
Press
INQUIRE
 Weddings & Elopements & family