Colorado Springs Engagement Photographer | Michelle Betz 
Contact BLOG Engagement family Weddings About Home Elopements 
x. CLOSE MENU
contact Blog Kind Words Engagement
family
Weddings About Home Elopements 
sp
VIEW The Gallery
Previous
Next
Engagement Galleries
Colorado springs Engagement Photographer
Your colorado springs, co engagement Photography
As your Colorado Springs engagement photographer, expect me to be saying "Kiss her cheek," "Spin her in circles," often. I will make sure you look your best by giving you a Style Guide which entails what looks great in photos. I also assist with helping you choose the perfect location. We will find the perfect place for the Colorado Springs engagement photo vibe you are wanting. We will go out about an hour before sunset for those beautiful golden hour photos! When you book a engagement session with me, be prepared to have a total blast! You will be twirling, hugging, and laughing. I promise to help you look your best for the photos - giving you prompts and poses so you do not have to worry about a thing. I aim to help my couples feel comfortable. Let your closeness and relationships to each other shine! Colorado Springs is the most beautiful location for your engagement photoshoot. 
Because Your Love Story is Worth It
Scroll
Experience 
You will never get this short season of being engaged back. It is full of excitement and love for what is to come. You gotta soak it all in. :) I believe your engagement photos should feel like art. You will also have a BLAST during the photoshoot! I will take care of everything. You two love birds just show up. :) 
MEmories made elegant 
The first step with your engagement photoshoot process is contacting me by filling out my Inquiry Form. We will then choose the perfect date and sunset time. I can also give you plenty of Colorado Springs location ideas and suggestions. 
To get your Colorado Springs engagement photography session on my books, you simply contact me and I will send you over my proposal where you will sign the contract and put down the retainer. Then it is official! :)
1. Say Hello
2. Your guide
Engagement sessions really have my heart. The photoshoot will be up to 45 minutes long. I aim to show in your portraits the true connection you share, and your personalities. I am great at getting you to laugh, have fun, and be yourself A gorgeous backdrop of Colorado Springs and sunset lighting only adds to the photos! 
What is due to book? 
 A $200 dollar non-refundable retainer. I also accept payment through zelle or venmo if that is easier for you. We can do any customized payment plan for the remaining balance. Everything is just due by the day before. 
 What if the weather is bad? 
 Here in Colorado, the weather changes quickly ! We will wait to call it until 1-2 hours beforehand. If it is bad weather, we will reschedule the photoshoot for a better day. 
 What is the turn-around time? 
 My turnaround time varies depending on the time of the year and whether its busy season or not. You will receive your full gallery 2-5 weeks after your photoshoot. 
3. ask me Anything
I will send you a pin or specific instructions on how to get to our gorgeous Colorado Springs engagement photoshoot location! Then we will go out and have fun with your lover! Let's get you that gorgeous framers ready to be displayed in your home! :) 
4. let's shoot!
I have found that my clients really enjoy and appreciate picking out their favorite images of themselves. After your photoshoot I will send you a bunch of partially-edited images. This will be in an online gallery. You will “like” your favorite 30 photos. I will then edit and send back those 30 images for you to keep. 
You also have the option to purchase additional photos if you just love them all.
5. your photographs
1 2 3 4 5 
The
Colorado Springs Engagement Photography Process 
heirloom artwork • priceless 
Collections from $750 
inquire
 All Colorado Springs Engagement Sessions include:
 Up to 45 Minute Photoshoot
30 Hand-Edited Images That You Choose - option to purchase more
The Best Colorado Springs and Beyond Photoshoot Locations
Online Gallery Printing Rights & Unlimited Downloads
High Resolution Images & Social Media Sized Images
50% Discount if you are one of my future brides :) 
Gratitude Discount of $50 for Returning Clients
Colorado Springs Engagement PhotographyPricing 
The details
Thank you Michelle for our absolutely beautiful engagement photos! You exceeded all our expectations when it came to these photos and the “Colorado esque” vibe we were going for to truly encompass where we got engaged. Michelle was prompt and created a safe place for us to feel comfortable throughout the whole shoot. She guided us, laughed with us, and encouraged us to let loose a little which definitely translates to our beautiful photos. We are so excited to share these photos with our families on our save the date cards! Thank you again Michelle, we look forward to another shoot the next time we fly back to Colorado!
colorado springs, co Engagement Photos
Jade Fusaro
We absolutely loved working with Michelle! She provided helpful guidance for us regarding timing, outfits, location, and weather. She was so flexible with our time constraints as well. I highly recommend working with her. The photoshoot was so fun and our pictures were stunning!
Woodland Park, co
brynaldson family
Michelle was absolutely wonderful to work with! She has such a calming, fun presence, and her photos and editing could not be more beautiful. We feel so fortunate to have had her take our maternity photos and will definitely be repeat customers- thank you, Michelle!
blodgette peak open space, co
Maya Shinnick
,, 
PLEASE NOTE:
WEDDINGS START FROM $3,999
ELOPEMENTS FROM $2,200
PORTRAITS FROM $750
To Hear from you :)
Excited 
I'm
Contact BLOG Kind Words family engagement Weddings elopements About Home 
Hello@michellebetzphotogaphy.com 
719.310.0837 
Serving • Colorado-Weddings , Colorado-Elopements , Colorado-Engagements , Colorado-Springs Maternity , Colorado Springs , Manitou Springs, Aurora , Brighton , Evergreen , Monument , Denver, Castle Rock, Woodland Park , Fort Collins , Breckenridge , Englewood, Falcon, Telluride, Loveland , Boulder , Golden , Summit County, Pikes Peak Region
Privacy
Press
INQUIRE
 Weddings & Elopements & family