Colorado Springs Elopement Photographer | Michelle Betz 
Contact BLOG Engagement family Weddings About Home Elopements 
x. CLOSE MENU
contact Blog Kind Words Engagement
family
Weddings About Home Elopements 
Elopements
mb
VIEW The Gallery
Engagement sessions
VIEW The Gallery
mb
Colorado Springs, CO Elopement Photographer
Your adventurous fun-loving BFF
The above galleries can give you a quick overview of how I capture portrait sessions and elopements alike. Below, the featured galleries will give you a clear idea of my style of Colorado Springs elopement photography, editing, consistency, and just how much of an awesome time we'll have together! 
Check out some Featured Colorado Springs Elopements, too!
Antoinette & Brandon
red rock summer Elopement
Garden of the God's Resort
mb
VIEW The Gallery
Elizabeth & john
a true colorado Springs elopement 
Cheyenne mountain, Colorado Springs
VIEW The Gallery
mb
Katlin & Jacob
high point overlook elopement
garden of the gods elopement
VIEW The Gallery
mb
woodland park elopement
Ashley and Mitch
colorado springs elopement
VIEW The Gallery
mb
Colorado Springs Engagement Session
Engagements
I absolutely love Colorado Springs engagement sessions because it gives me a chance to get to know you before the big wedding day. This is a moment you will have and remember through your photos for a lifetime. I value them so much that I still have my own engagement photos displayed on my walls 6 years after the fact. You are only engaged for such a short period of time, lets make the most of it! 
Previous
Next
x. Close
Elopements
There is something uniquely romantic about going off into the Colorado Springs mountains. for your elopement. We can go just the two of you or you can have a group of friends and family. We will go somewhere beautiful and private, and exchange vows! It's all about the two of you... Your love and your commitment to spend forever together. Remember the day forever by having me by your side documenting every moment! 
Previous
Next
x. Close
garden of the gods , colorado springs
garden of the gods elopement
Katlin and Jacob traveled from out of state all the way to Colorado Springs to have an elopement. With twenty of the closest friends and family to witness. Katlin had her dress and bouquet in hand. The bride and groom exchanged vows and decided on forever together.
Previous
Next
x. Close
a true colorado Springs elopement
Cheyanne mountain
Shelly and Andrew wanted to go up into the Colorado Springs mountains and have an intimate elopement with their closest friends and family. 
Shelly got dressed, said hello to her friends and family, and they did the thing! The experience of nature and sunrise was one for the books. 
Previous
Next
x. Close
Garden of the gods resort 
red rock summer Micro wedding, Colorado Springs
x. Close
Antoinette and Brandon eloped at sunset with the most exquisite Colorado Springs Garden of the Gods backdrop. Beautiful people inside and out - a wedding dreams are made of. Being the photographer for this Colorado Springs elopement was a dream.
Previous
Next
Woodland Park - near colorado Springs
A Colorado springs mountain elopement 
x. Close
Ashley and Mitch knew how to do an elopement right. It was so sweet and beautiful going out into the Colorado Springs mountains just the three of us. I highly recommend! 
Previous
Next
Your Colorado springs, co elopement Photography
I'm Michelle, and I love getting to call Colorado Springs my home! The mountains never get old! :) What sparks joy for me in being a Colorado Springs elopement photographer is capturing true love on camera. Those moments that you almost forgot about - but luckily you hired me as your photographer and have it all documented! ;) I do my absolute best to ensure you will be able to remember and feel your elopement day all over again every time you look at your photos. When you book me as your Colorado Springs elopement photographer, I will be your chill sidekick for the day. I'll will be there for the in-between moments and the posed portraits and guide you through everything. I love to help with creative suggestions, locations, and the things to include so we can make this an extraordinary experience! I am big on quality over quantity in the end product - with Printed Art in mind. My elopement photography is created to be framed on the walls of your home. If you are looking for more then just a fleeting instagram post - you have found your Colorado Springs elopement photographer! :) Every package includes up to 2 hours of photography time. As well as 100 carefully curated images in an online gallery from your Colorado Springs Elopement day. 
For the adventurous couples who want to have their elopement in the Colorado Springs mountains
Lets go out into the mountains and get you married! 
Scroll
Experience 
The first step is to fill out my contact form ! Next, I'll reach out to you so we can chat and book your elopement date. The next step is to sign my contract, pay the deposit - which is 25% of the total cost. And boom, you're all set! The remaining amount is due the day before the elopement. 
1. Say Hello
2. Engagement Session
I love booking engagement photos for my couples prior to the elopement day as it gives us a chance to get to know each other before your special day! You will receive a huge discount on this engagement photoshoot if you are one of my brides :) As an upgrade, I also offer bridal boudoir from my home studio if your looking for a fun wedding day gift. We will schedule your Colorado Springs engagement or bridal boudoir session ASAP! 
1. Do I get a Sneak Peak? 
In 3 business days after your elopement day, you will receive a sneak peak!
 2. How long until I receive my gallery? 
Full elopement gallery is delivered 3-6 weeks after the date. 
 3. What is included in the Colorado Springs Elopement Photography Package? 
-Up to 2 hours of photography coverage.
-100 hand edited images in an online gallery.
 4. Is there a deposit when booking? 
 Yes, It is 25% of the total cost to make it official. The remaining is due the day before the elopement! If you would like a customized payment plan, we can make that happen! Everything just needs to be paid by the day before. 
 (An engagement session, and bridal boudoir can be added!) 
3. ask me Anything
Yay! It's time to do this thing! I will guide you through your elopement day - making sure you are having the best day of your life, and not worrying about a thing. We can chat on the phone or email about what all you are wanting and what is most important to you. Then we go out to the Colorado Springs mountains and get you hitched! You can look forward to seeing a sneak peak within 3 days.
4. Elopement day!
Included in my Colorado Springs elopement package is 100+ hand picked and edited images for you to keep! You will receive full resolution sizes for you to get printed out and put up on your walls. You will also get social media sizes.
5. your photographs
I live 40 minutes south of Denver in Colorado Springs. That doesn’t mean I am locked in to my local area though, I would love to meet you anytime, anywhere! That being said, if your venue is more than 1 hour from my location, a travel fee to cover gas will apply. If the location is more then 2.5 hours away and requires a flight and/or hotel stay, additional fees will apply.
5. WHERE ARE YOU FROM AND DO YOU TRAVEL?
1 2 3 4 5 
The
Colorado Springs Elopement Photography Process 
Starting at 2 Hours of coverage 
 Elopements from $2,200 
inquire
 All Colorado Springs Elopement Packages Include:
 Up to 2 Hours of Photography Coverage
Sneak Peak within 3 days after Elopement Day
100+ Hand Edited Images
The Best CO Elopement Location & Activity Suggestions
Online Gallery Printing Rights & Unlimited Downloads
High Resolution Images & Social Media Sized Images
Elopement Collection Add-Ons: Discounted Engagement Session, and/or Bridal Boudoir
The details
Colorado Springs Elopement Photography Pricing 
Thank you so much for capturing our day and every emotion that went with it! You really made my photo book dreams come true that I've had since I was a little girl. We were SOBBING when we were looking at these. Thanks again for taking amazing photos and capturing so many beautiful moments!
We can’t stop looking at them. :)
denver, co
marissa & dan
Michelle, was the perfect photographer for our micro wedding in Colorado at Garden of the Gods! She was super personal, professional, and her photos are absolutely amazing! We are so happy we have such beautiful pictures to remember our special day!
garden of the god's, co
katlin & jacob
I can not rave about Michelle enough! Her communication was outstanding and working with her was easy and comfortable! She kept our wedding timeline, on time and made sure we had every photo we wanted done! Would do this wedding over THE SAME WAY 100x thanks to Michelle! 
Colorado barn Wedding
Grace & Steven
Michelle was great to work with! She had good communication skills throughout the whole process, gave us a color and styling guide prior to the photo shoot, a bubbly personality, and made it fun! Thanks again!
bear creek park, colorado springs co
Zachary Gius
It wouldn’t be a Colorado Wedding without the rain, clouds, & sun! Michelle did an amazing job adapting to Mother Nature! She saw our vision and brought it to life! We couldn’t be happier with our photos! We are so thankful for her talent, kind soul, & passion. We appreciate you Michelle!
-Natalie & Jeff
Hillside Gardens Venue, colorado springs co
Natalie Gratzmiller
Michelle was absolutely amazing during our private elopement!! She went above and beyond to make our special day even more magical!! The pictures were beyond what we could have ever hoped for. 10/10 would recommend!!
-Rachel
Garden of the gods, colorado springs co
Rachel Zimmerman
Michelle is so amazing!! The pictures she took captured the fun energy for the day. She made me and my husband/party feel so comfortable when we were taking pictures. She was really good with communication and posing. She catered to all of our out of the box photo requests. She got the pictures back to us earlier than she was contracted to. If you are in the market for someone to make your wedding fantastic she’s your gal!
-Taylor
wedgewood weddings, colorado springs co
taylor lavenski
We are absolutely thrilled with the experience we had with Michelle Betz as our wedding photographer! She truly went above and beyond to make sure we got the most breathtaking and memorable pictures from our special day. Every photo is a testament to her incredible talent and attention to detail.
 Not only is she a gifted photographer, but she is also incredibly sweet and personable, which made the whole process enjoyable and stress-free. She made us feel comfortable in front of the camera and captured the most genuine and heartfelt moments with such ease.
 We couldn't be happier with the results and highly recommend Michelle to anyone looking for someone who will bring their vision to life with professionalism, warmth, and artistry!
Creekside Terrace , colorado springs co
Megan Collier
,, 
PLEASE NOTE:
WEDDINGS START FROM $3,999
ELOPEMENTS FROM $2,200
PORTRAITS FROM $750
To Hear from you :)
Excited 
I'm
Contact BLOG Kind Words family engagement Weddings elopements About Home 
Hello@michellebetzphotogaphy.com 
719.310.0837 
Serving • Colorado-Weddings , Colorado-Elopements , Colorado-Engagements , Colorado-Springs Maternity , Colorado Springs , Manitou Springs, Aurora , Brighton , Evergreen , Monument , Denver, Castle Rock, Woodland Park , Fort Collins , Breckenridge , Englewood, Falcon, Telluride, Loveland , Boulder , Golden , Summit County, Pikes Peak Region
Privacy
Press
INQUIRE
 Weddings & Elopements & family