Get to know more about Michelle Betz 
x. CLOSE MENU
contact Blog Kind Words Engagement
family
Weddings About Home Elopements 
Contact BLOG Engagement family Weddings About Home Elopements 
I love hot yoga, hot tubs, hot showers (basically, the hotter, the better!) I can really excited about learning about the newest health fads and parenting tips. I am a huge plant lady and have plants EVERYwhere in my home! Plants is where its at ;) 
I am creative and super laid back. I love to laugh and enjoy every moment - and that is how I make my couples feel as well! 
Photography is a creative art form and outlet for me to create pictures that will last for forever. I am fortunate in having a steady 5/5 star review rating on Google and Facebook over the years. I am so grateful for all the people who have trusted me with their special memories. Reach out so we can meet! :)
Your Fun-Loving Colorado Springs Wedding & Elopement Photographer 
I'm michelle
Weddings
Elopements
 families
 inquire
 I
'm Michelle! A 7 wing 8 on the enneagram personality test - I love my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, the outdoors, spur of the moment adventures, traveling to new places, learning, and continuing to grow in my photography.
A snapshot into my life
1 / 2
I love all things girly, feminine, and chic. Think lace, flowing dresses, and braids. 
I LOVE creating beautiful things like designing and decorating my home! The natural flow of imagining, ideating, and creating beautiful rooms in my home sparks so much joy.
Fixing my little girls hair is quite a hobby and I love the challenge of getting better and better at my hair styling skills! ;) 
My precious babies 
creating
2 / 2
I am so blessed to have a wonderful husband and 3 children who mean the world to me. Everything I do is for them and our life together! I have two amazing Ragdoll cats who I'm usually snuggled up with while editing. I also have a silky terrier puppy named Minnie who is a handful most of the time, but she's my bestie and sleeping at my feet currently. I am your typical LOVE Jesus but cuss a little kinda girl. God's always been my number 1.
My boy tate
God & family
My Favorite Things
Thank you so much for capturing our day and every emotion that went with it! You really made my photo book dreams come true that I've had since I was a little girl. We were SOBBING when we were looking at these. Thanks again for taking amazing photos and capturing so many beautiful moments!
We can’t stop looking at them. :)
denver, co
marissa & dan
Michelle, was the perfect photographer for our micro wedding in Colorado at Garden of the Gods! She was super personal, professional, and her photos are absolutely amazing! We are so happy we have such beautiful pictures to remember our special day!
garden of the god's, co
katlin & jacob
I can not rave about Michelle enough! Her communication was outstanding and working with her was easy and comfortable! She kept our wedding timeline, on time and made sure we had every photo we wanted done! Would do this wedding over THE SAME WAY 100x thanks to Michelle! 
Colorado barn Wedding
Grace & Steven
Michelle was great to work with! She had good communication skills throughout the whole process, gave us a color and styling guide prior to the photo shoot, a bubbly personality, and made it fun! Thanks again!
bear creek park, colorado springs co
Zachary Gius
It wouldn’t be a Colorado Wedding without the rain, clouds, & sun! Michelle did an amazing job adapting to Mother Nature! She saw our vision and brought it to life! We couldn’t be happier with our photos! We are so thankful for her talent, kind soul, & passion. We appreciate you Michelle!
-Natalie & Jeff
Hillside Gardens Venue, colorado springs co
Natalie Gratzmiller
Michelle was absolutely amazing during our private elopement!! She went above and beyond to make our special day even more magical!! The pictures were beyond what we could have ever hoped for. 10/10 would recommend!!
-Rachel
Garden of the gods, colorado springs co
Rachel Zimmerman
Michelle is so amazing!! The pictures she took captured the fun energy for the day. She made me and my husband/party feel so comfortable when we were taking pictures. She was really good with communication and posing. She catered to all of our out of the box photo requests. She got the pictures back to us earlier than she was contracted to. If you are in the market for someone to make your wedding fantastic she’s your gal!
-Taylor
wedgewood weddings, colorado springs co
taylor lavenski
We are absolutely thrilled with the experience we had with Michelle Betz as our wedding photographer! She truly went above and beyond to make sure we got the most breathtaking and memorable pictures from our special day. Every photo is a testament to her incredible talent and attention to detail.
 Not only is she a gifted photographer, but she is also incredibly sweet and personable, which made the whole process enjoyable and stress-free. She made us feel comfortable in front of the camera and captured the most genuine and heartfelt moments with such ease.
 We couldn't be happier with the results and highly recommend Michelle to anyone looking for someone who will bring their vision to life with professionalism, warmth, and artistry!
Creekside Terrace , colorado springs co
Megan Collier
,, 
You Deserve the best
Contact me
WEddings
Elopements
 famiily
Contact BLOG Kind Words family engagement Weddings elopements About Home 
Hello@michellebetzphotogaphy.com 
719.310.0837 
Serving • Colorado-Weddings , Colorado-Elopements , Colorado-Engagements , Colorado-Springs Maternity , Colorado Springs , Manitou Springs, Aurora , Brighton , Evergreen , Monument , Denver, Castle Rock, Woodland Park , Fort Collins , Breckenridge , Englewood, Falcon, Telluride, Loveland , Boulder , Golden , Summit County, Pikes Peak Region
Privacy
Press
INQUIRE
 Weddings & Elopements & family