Boulder & Denver Professional Photographer: Barb Colombo, MFA - 11:11 Productions Photography 
Special Events 
Weddings 
Engagements 
Corporate Events &#038; More 
Portraits 
Families, Children &#038; Pets 
Headshots 
Seniors 
Fine Art 
Botanicals 
Documentary Videos 
Blog 
About Barb 
Barb Colombo, MFA 
The 11:11 Story 
Contact 
Special Events 
Weddings 
Engagements 
Corporate Events &#038; More 
Portraits 
Families, Children &#038; Pets 
Headshots 
Seniors 
Fine Art 
Botanicals 
Documentary Videos 
Blog 
About Barb 
Barb Colombo, MFA 
The 11:11 Story 
Contact 
Barb Colombo, MFA:  A Boulder & Denver Photographer  With Artistic Spirit 
My approach to photography stems from a fine art aesthetic and a real passion for people. Photographs record the essence of the occasion, tell a story, and illuminate the unique spirit and emotions of the celebration. As a professional photographer, I combine photojournalistic candid photographs with relaxed, elegant portraiture in state of the art digital technology.
Natural moments of intimacy and joy reflect the beauty of your event, and the natural beauty of Boulder and Denver simply adds to the moment and wonder. Capturing these distinctive details is the highest intent of my work.
By combining images that are both narrative and interpretive, I create an intimate, visual story album that weaves the artistic elements of light and color together with the human elements of affinity and emotion. I respect each couples’ and families’ relationship, and remain flexible and sensitive; ever-present, yet unobtrusive. I bring professional photography that is authentic and has creative energy to preserve your glorious day. Photographic images will be a lasting testament to the love, joy, laughter and commitment you share from this day forward. Those images will provide you countless years of happiness and treasured memories. It is a unique privilege and honor to participate in your intimate events and I welcome the opportunity to help you capture the moments.
I believe that hiring a professional photographer is not just about creating great photographs, but also about the connection and relationship between myself and the couple and their families. It is also, I believe, about the ability to be comfortable amidst the intensity and intimacy of sacred events and the sensitivity to bear witness to the day’s unfolding. It is my great joy to be with you and see you just as you are.
I received my B.F.A. from the University of Colorado, Boulder and an MFA with honors from the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD). I have been photographing professionally in the Boulder / Denver area since 1990 and photographing weddings full-time since 1998. My artistic niche and calling is in photographing people; I love this work!
Look forward to connecting,
Barb Colombo at her photography studio in Boulder 
Education:
Master of Fine Arts in Photography with Honors
Bachelor of Fine Arts
Various Photographic Classes and Workshops
Circled the Globe by Ship Visiting 12 Countries
Memberships:
Boulder Chamber of Commerce
Boulder&#8217;s Open Arts
Top 25 Women-Owned Businesses in Boulder, Colorado
Professional Photographers of America
Wedding and Portrait Photographers International
Cambridge Who&#8217;s Who
What Clients Are Saying 
&#10077; Thank you again for all of your efforts . We really enjoyed working with you! You brought a lot of fun to our day , and many of our guests commented on how much they appreciated your enthusiasm. &#10078;
Jenn & Kevin Tulsa, Oklahoma 
&#10077; The photographic services are way beyond the ordinary! 
The only words that come are thank you, thank you, thank you! &#10078;
Linda Boulder, CO 
“I just wanted to tell you again what a pleasure it was to work with you. We could not be more satisfied with the whole experience. Our book is fantastic! We'd like to thank you for your positive and energetic spirit -- you're a tremendous and creative asset to all you do!”
Mike & Moyra Denver, CO 
“I just wanted to thank you for all of your hard work and your presence at the wedding. You were a hit... Everyone keeps telling us how great they thought you were. I know I was able to say goodbye to you that evening, but I'm sure I didn't thank you properly for getting us through the day with such ease and laughter. Having you for our wedding photographer was the best decision we made. Thank you for capturing our wedding day so beautifully.”
Kim & Dan Chicago, IL 
“We wanted to share with you that we thought you were absolutely wonderful at the wedding. Your energy was so positive and light and we had complete faith that you were getting all the photos that really make the memories last. Thank you so much. Please let us know if you ever need a referral because we would be so happy to be your spokesperson!”
Christie & Michael London, England 
“I wanted to tell you how much we really like our pictures! It was exactly what we had hoped for -- even though we weren't willing subjects . Everyone we've shown them to says they are unlike any wedding photos they've ever seen! ”
Michelle Denver, CO 
“WOW! ...went through all of the pictures last night. I cannot express to you how amazed we are. You have a way of capturing energy and words and feelings. It can only be divine intervention that enables one to capture a mother's love or a father's deep satisfaction or a lover's gratitude... You are truly gifted. I thank God, the universe, whatever.. for pushing us together. You have touched our family. We do not know how to thank you.”
Annie & Dan Boulder, CO 
“Thanks for working so hard on our behalf. Your freedom of style is very refreshing -- the pictures are real -- and isn't that the point? I know we couldn't have made a better choice for a photographer. You did such a fantastic job for us and exceeded my expectations a thousand-fold.”
Courtney & Kenny Evergreen, CO 
“Not sure if I thanked you yet. Thank you for taking our wonderful belly pictures! I'm so glad we took the time to do that. There are some real gems in there that we will always treasure. You are so talented!”
Kendall & Randy Boulder, CO 
“Wow!!!!! We absolutely love the album! It looks fantastic. It was delivered to our work on Thursday, and it had many of our coworkers in tears. They all thought it was the most beautiful album they had ever seen. Corey and I agreed. Thank you so much for your excellent work!”
Kari & Corey Boulder, CO 
“We absolutely love the photos! You've definitely surpassed our expectations, although we knew you were good. It's really going to be difficult to pick the album shots!”
Alyssa Denver, CO 
“Thanks again for agreeing took take our photos!!!! You are wonderful and so good at what you do!!!!!!!!!! BTW, everyone who has seen the photos from the family portrait shoot LOVES them! They all thank you for your patience and professionalism…”
Alissa Boulder, CO 
“ The photos are fantastic!!! You have an incredible gift for this . I consider ourselves so lucky that you were there to capture the event. Many thanks!”
Angie Denver, CO 
“Oh my goodness Barb, what an incredible job you have done! WOW. We are very impressed. We are SO pleased with the work you have done. THANK YOU!”
Angela Boulder, CO 
“ Your work is so full of emotion and beauty and the moments that really count . I particularly love the black and whites. Over the years, I've always admired your work. I can feel the warmth of the sun and hear the giggles of the children or the breeze in the trees, when I look at your pictures. You are gifted.”
Lisa Denver, CO 
"I wanted to get in touch to say thanks again!  I was always impressed with the quality of the pictures but having the book just reinforces what a great job you did . Aside from the pictures themselves, the book is fantastic.  I have shared it with some friends/co-workers and everyone has commented on what a great job the photographer did…so kudos to you! Again, thanks for a great job both with the book and putting everyone at ease on the day itself."
Eric & Natasha Boulder, CO 
Over 20 Years of Professional Photographic Experience 
I bring exceptional technical skill coupled with a natural ability to put people at ease. This allows me to deliver photographs that will truly meet your needs and exceed your expectations. 
Please get in touch to schedule a time to meet with me at my Boulder studio. Connecting in person is the best way to ensure a good fit as you choose your photographer. 
Let&#8217;s Connect 
11:11 Productions Photography
Barb Colombo, MFA
Boulder, Colorado
(303) 570-2581 mobile voice/text
&copy; 2026 11:11 Productions Photography. All rights reserved. 
Start typing and press Enter to search