Foss Photography | Colorado Wedding Photographer 
Colorado Documentary
Wedding & Portrait
Photographers
Home
 About
 Services
 Galleries
Contact
 Blog
 film, digital, & video
Home
 ABOUT
 Services
 Galleries
 Contact
 BLOG
 I.
II.
III.
IV.
V.
VI.
Documenting Lovers, 
Dreamers & Makers Everywhere
We are a boutique photography studio out of Fort Collins, Colorado with over a decade of experience specializing in weddings, engagements, family, branding, senior & boudoir portraits. We are storytellers for people of all colors, sizes, beliefs and orientations – you are seen and celebrated here.
We are a boutique photography studio out of Fort Collins, Colorado with over a decade of experience specializing in weddings, engagements, family, branding, & senior portraits. We are storytellers for people of all colors, sizes, beliefs and orientations – you are seen and celebrated here.
Learn More
 film, digital, & video
Colorado Documentary
Wedding & Portrait
Photographers
Our Work
PORTFOLIO
Weddings
Boudoir
Family
Seniors
Branding
view galleries
"Emily was the absolute best Colorado wedding photographer to work with! She truly makes every wedding an experience and so personal. My husband and I felt like we completely relived our wedding day and experiencing MORE when looking at her photos, especially in moments where our guests were hanging out, laughing, and enjoying the day along side of us."
"Emily was the absolute best to work with! She truly makes every wedding an experience and so personal. My husband and I felt like we completely relived our wedding day and experiencing MORE when looking at her photos, especially in moments where our guests were hanging out, laughing, and enjoying the day along side of us."
"Emily is absolutely a FANTASTIC wedding photographer. She blew away our expectations. We felt that not only were her skills fabulous, but she genuinely cared about our story and representing our love the way we wanted it to be expressed. She is worth every dollar, and more."
"Emily is absolutely a FANTASTIC photographer. She blew away our expectations. We felt that not only were her skills fabulous, but she genuinely cared about our story and representing our love the way we wanted it to be expressed. She is worth every dollar, and more."
"We hired Emily & Alan for our Colorado wedding this summer - a DREAM. They did such an incredible job of capturing moments, our people, and the absolute joy of that day. The essence of everything we experienced lives on so beautifully through our photos."
"we hired Emily & Alan for our wedding this summer - a DREAM. They did such an incredible job of capturing moments, our people, and the absolute joy of that day. The essence of everything we experienced lives on so beautifully through our photos."
Kind Words
Your Name(s)
Do you have a location in mind?
Date of Shoot/Event
How did you find us?
Type of Shoot
LET'S CONNECT - WE WOULD LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU
Your Phone Number
Your Email
submit 
We're excitedly reading over your email + you can expect a response from us in the next 48 business hours. Talk soon!
HAPPY DANCING OVER HERE
@fossphotography.co 
 © 2025 Foss Photography
Home
 About
 Services
 Galleries
 Contact
 Blog
instagram
Fort Collins • Colorado
Email • hello@fossphotography.co
blog services About home Gallery Contact