About Us | Colorado Wedding & Portrait Photographer 
Home
 ABOUT
 Services
 Galleries
 Contact
 BLOG
 I.
II.
III.
IV.
V.
VI.
We'll go first
We'll go first
let's get to know each other;
testimonials
experience
meet us
Photographs are meant to spend lifetimes printed into heirloom-quality pieces that tell your story for generations.
Our photography philosophy combines a photojournalistic approach with a depth of emotional connection through story. Movement, candid moments, and raw expression are what we believe is truly timeless. Each wedding brings together all the generations of legacies in two people's lives, and we piece snapshots into a storyline of the day that will live on in your own legacy. 
Our full-service studio provides you with timeless photographs you can hold in your hands + print products you're completely in love with.
We believe there’s magic and legacy in the tangible. 
Hey , we're Emily & Alan
We're Emily + Alan Foss, Colorado-based photographers who specialize in photojournalistically captured weddings + portraits all over the world.
Emily is the lead photographer and creative powerhouse behind the brand, finding documentary wedding photography through a love of storytelling. Alan is the brains behind the operation, bringing his business and logistics expertise to every experience.
From start to finish, we genuinely care about your story, and you'll feel it in everything we do.
The Foss Photography
Experience
First and foremost, let's get to know each other. We value getting to build a relationship of trust with you, and we love befriending our clients so we all feel like family. Tell us a little about who you are, what you value and what you are hoping to have captured.
getting to know you
Our goal is for you to forget we’re taking photos, simply capturing your most authentic self. We'll help you plan everything from timing to location + outfits. Whether you're camera shy or feeling confident, you'll have fun, laugh a lot and embrace the process! 
the shoot
After we've carefully fine-tuned your photos for a timeless finish, the final collection will be revealed. We offer an in-studio or virtual photo gallery viewing. You'll experience all the print products we offer and we'll help you pick out your favorites to display the photos perfectly in your home. 
the photos
I.
II.
III.
"I cannot say enough good things about Emily and Alan. We used Foss Photo for engagement pictures and wedding pictures and could not be happier with the outcome of each. Not only do we love our pictures but we love Emily and Alan! They both have such a calming, yet fun and enthusiastic presence. My husband and I felt so comfortable and natural during our photos. Emily and Alan give you just enough guidance and posing, but allow for so many candids and time for you to just be yourselves. 10/10 recommend Sweet Justice for any life event you need captured!"
colleen + Chance
Testimonials
Bailey + Parker
"Emily captures moments that are coated in freedom, passion, and intimacy. She makes you feel comfortable and powerful in front of a camera, and does an incredible job facilitating moments between people that are natural and important. She doesn’t miss anything; her attention to design and eye for light and connection left us with photos that are lively and emotional."
Testimonials
“My husband + I will cherish our photo collection for years to come. They are the greatest gift we could have received. Emily was so easy to communicate throughout the whole process + I was constantly + pleasantly surprised by everything she did before + after our big day. You will be swooning for days."
Steph + Joe 
Testimonials
cookie + tony
"We would give Emily + her team 100 stars if we could. She’s on time, she’s full of energy, and not to mention her photography is out of this world. We didn’t want to just have 'posed' photography, we wanted a photographer that would tell the story of our wedding day through the photography. Guests commented on how her photography captured them + they could emotionally feel the day. If you want photography that literally moves you, Emily is your gal."
Testimonials
"Emily is the most incredible human + her passion for people + capturing little moments is only part of what makes her so special. Emily is a story teller + told the story of our relationship through her photos perfectly. They were the sweetest reflection of my husband + I. She captured all the little moments + emotion of us + our guests in such a beautiful way. We were afraid of looking awkward + posed + unnatural but Emily has the most incredible way about her to make you feel comfortable + confident. Emily is more than just a photographer, she is the epitome of joy +
genuineness + artistry."
Chris + Alyssa
Testimonials
Kayli + Henry
"To say I'm obsessed with the photos I've gotten from Emily and Alan is an understatement. A couple years ago I did a boudoir session with Emily - she made me feel so comfortable and confident; I was blown away with how the photos from that session turned out. Then, we hired Emily & Alan for our wedding this summer - a DREAM. They did such an incredible job of capturing moments, our people, and the absolute joy of that day. The essence of everything we experienced lives on so beautifully through our photos.
Can't wait for future anniversary/family/any-other-excuse photo sessions."
Testimonials
@fossphotography.co 
 © 2025 Foss Photography
Home
 About
 Services
 Galleries
 Contact
 Blog
instagram
Fort Collins • Colorado
Email • hello@fossphotography.co
blog services About home Gallery Contact