Services | Vail, CO
Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. 
Vail, CO
Home 
Menu 
Search 
CLOSE 
Go 
Donovan Pavilion 
 Facility Facility Overview 
 Guest Layout Options 
 Photo Gallery 
 Management Team 
Services 
 Rates & Policies 2027 Rental Rates 
 2026 Rental Rates 
 Event Guidelines 
Resources Frequently Asked Questions 
 Testimonials & Reviews 
 Downloads 
 Location Maps 
Get Started 
 Contact 
 Search 
Services 
Font Size: 
 + 
 - 
Share & Bookmark 
 Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option 
Email 
Facebook 
LinkedIn 
Twitter 
Reddit 
Feedback 
Print 
A Gem in Vail, Colorado 
Tucked into the mountainside near West Vail is a gathering spot unlike any other. Built by the Town of Vail in 2003, Donovan Pavilion is a stunning timber and stone mountain lodge that makes a statement in itself. Add the views and surrounding 50 acres of park and open space and you'll see why this is a truly unique venue for very special events.
Weddings and Receptions
For Weddings Large and Small 
Nearly 200 guests can be accommodated in this gracious 5,200-square- foot pavilion. Smaller groups will find themselves comfortably and intimately at home. Parking is convenient and plentiful on site. You can be flexible - have your ceremony here in the pavilion, out on the patio or in one of the chapels in the valley. 
Make a statement with your reception at Donovan Pavilion. You have the flexibility of choosing every detail from flowers to menu to color scheme. Hire your preferred caterer according to your individual needs and budget. Customize your seating with your choice of three sizes of tables and two types of chairs.
Corporate Retreats and Seminars 
Flexible for Every Group 
You’ll find the space at Donovan Pavilion warm and welcoming, flexible and functional. Offering a total of 5,200 square feet, Donovan Pavilion can accommodate 200 guests for a sit-down, a conference, a cocktail reception and a theater presentation.
Special Events 
Full-Service Event Coordination 
Planning an event has never been easier. Donovan Pavilion’s full-time professional management team is available to recommend full-service event production and catering. Our audio-visual equipment, including a video wall, microphone, podium and sound system is available for your use.
A Special Place to Capture the Moment 
A special place to capture the beauty of the moment. Etched glass windows, custom wrought iron chandeliers, creek side fire pit and breathtaking scenery are just a few of the amenities you'll enjoy at Vail's most unique wedding and event venue. Contact our management team today to book your next special event at the Donovan Pavilion in Vail, Colorado.
Let’s work together
Do you have an event you would like to host at the Donovan Pavilion in Vail?
CONTACT US 
VIEW OUR PORTFOLIO 
Contact
Copyright © 2026 by Town of Vail
Our Sites
Event Calendar 
 Art In Vail 
 Discover Vail 
 Hike Vail 
 Love Vail 
 Grand View 
 Donovan Pavilion 
 Career Opportunities 
STAY CONNECTED
WEBSITE DESIGN BY GRANICUS - Connecting People and Government