Event Guidelines | Vail, CO
Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. 
Vail, CO
Home 
Menu 
Search 
CLOSE 
Go 
Donovan Pavilion 
 Facility Facility Overview 
 Guest Layout Options 
 Photo Gallery 
 Management Team 
Services 
 Rates & Policies 2027 Rental Rates 
 2026 Rental Rates 
 Event Guidelines 
Resources Frequently Asked Questions 
 Testimonials & Reviews 
 Downloads 
 Location Maps 
Get Started 
 Contact 
 Search 
Rates & Policies 
Event Guidelines 
Font Size: 
 + 
 - 
Share & Bookmark 
 Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option 
Email 
Facebook 
LinkedIn 
Twitter 
Reddit 
Feedback 
Print 
Donovan Pavilion
We Are Committed to Making Your Event Nothing Short of Spectacular! 
Every event at the Donovan Pavilion is required to follow our event guidelines, submit the necessary deposits, and ensure catering and cleaning checklists are completed. Please use the navigation on this page to explore our event guidelines. If you have any questions, please contact us anytime.
Event Deposits
Security and Damage Deposit Information 
Reservation Deposit: 50% of the usage fee (applied towards rental. non-refundable)
Damage Deposit: $500 (refundable 45 days following event date)
Final Payment: Due in full 30 days prior to event
Security Deposit Policy: 
The security deposit (minus any fees for damage to the facility or additional cleaning) will be returned to you within 45 days of the conclusion of the event. Inspection of the Pavilion will take place immediately following your event. If damage has occurred, the deposit, less costs of repairs or clean-up, will be returned. If these costs are greater than the deposit, you will be liable and billed for the balance with payment due no later than 30 days after the conclusion of the event.
Overnight Deliveries: 
No overnight deliveries are allowed inside the Pavilion. Donovan Pavilion Management, Inc. is not responsible for items left overnight or outside of premises.
Usage Agreement
Donovan Pavilion Usage Agreement 
A Usage Agreement and Lease will be issued to the client specifying the following:
Event Details:
Usage date
Event start time
Event end time
Total block of time booked (8-hour blocks are available)
Any additional blocks of time booked (1-hour increments)
Usage rate
Alcohol security
Payment Due Dates:
Event owners will be asked to abide by the following payment guidelines:
A 50% non-refundable deposit toward the usage fee is required to hold a date upon execution of the agreement.
The security deposit is required upon execution of the agreement.
The remaining balance plus the Town of Vail sales tax is due 30 days prior to the event.
The event security deposit will be returned to you within 45 days of the conclusion of the event. Inspection of the Pavilion will take place immediately following your event. If damage has occurred, the deposit, less costs of repairs or clean-up, will be returned. If these costs are greater than the deposit, you will be liable and billed for the balance with payment due no later than 30 days after the conclusion of the event.
Function Form:
A Function Information Form is included with your lease. You will be asked to complete it prior to your event. It includes information about your caterer, any subcontractors you may hire (florists, decorators, rental companies, etc.) as well as information on your event entertainment.
Alcohol
Donovan Pavilion Facility Guidelines 
If alcohol is to be served at your event, all Colorado State Liquor Laws apply including:
Event can only be open to invited guests.
No shots or straight pours of alcohol are allowed at the event.
If alcohol is either to be sold or given, Lessee must secure a Special Event Liquor Permit from the Town of Vail.
Alcohol purchase must be done by Lessee, not the caterer.
Alcohol must be served by TIPS (Trained for Intervention ProcedureS) trained staff.
Alcohol must be consumed during function only. Consumption of alcohol is prohibited during event set-up and tear-down.
Alcohol must be consumed on the Pavilion premises only. You will be provided a premise map.
Donovan Pavilion Management, Inc. reserves the right, at their discretion, to discontinue alcohol service at your function at any time.
To obtain information on the State of Colorado liquor laws, please access the State of Colorado website at: www.state.co.us 
Special Effects
Special Effects Event Guidelines 
Smoking: The Pavilion is a non-smoking facility. Smoking is allowed outside and guests are required to put their used cigarettes/cigars in the receptacles provided.
Noise Ordinance: The Town of Vail requires that all music be turned to 45 decibels by 10 p.m. Prior to this time, the maximum sound level at the Pavilion is 65 decibels. During the summer months, the Pavilion doors must remain closed after 10 p.m.
Candles: Candles are allowed as table decorations in the Pavilion, as long as the candles are in a container and the flame is lower than the top of the container. No open flame allowed. The Pavilion does not allow use of sparklers or taper candles.
Rose Petals: Are not allowed inside the Pavilion. White rose petals are allowed on the patio area and must be swept up immediately following the wedding ceremony.
Disco Ball: A lighted disco ball may be hung from the beam nearest to the Alcove Room. Client is responsible for the rental of disco ball and ladder apparatus in order to securely hang the disco ball. Please be aware that the disco ball must be removed at the conclusion of your function. A disco ball may not be used on the Pavilion patio.
Smoke/Fog Machine: Due to the nature of such a machine, the Pavilion does not allow use.
Fire Pit: This is for you and your guests' enjoyment. Please do note there is no cooking permitted. Donovan Pavilion Management, Inc. reserves the right to distinguish the fire pit if the guest’s safety is in jeopardy. Fire pit does not operate in adverse weather conditions (heavy rain, snow or freezing temperatures) or under a fire ban.
Event Decorations: Decorations must be pre-approved with Pavilion Management. Use of helium balloons as decoration must be weighted in order to prevent them from becoming entangled in the vaulted ceilings. Please note: No tape, nails, thumbtacks, etc. are allowed to be placed on the Pavilion walls. Confetti, glitter, birdseed and rice are prohibited.
Additional Event Lighting: Décor is not allowed to be affixed to any Pavilion light fixture. Outdoor lighting on the patio is allowed to be installed by a professional lighting vendor only. 
Lobby/Entry Area: The existing entry furniture and tables cannot be moved for any event.
Event Load-in/Load-out: Load-in of all rental equipment and subcontractors is allowed at the rental start time. Due to the facility usage schedule, no early load-in is allowed. Subsequently, there is no overnight storage inside the facility for any event supplies or rentals. All rental items may be stored overnight outside on the southeast side of the Pavilion for pick-up the next day. Donovan Pavilion Management, Inc. is not responsible for items left overnight or outside of the premises. Failure to comply with Pavilion load-out schedule may result in a forfeiture of facility deposit.
Event Consclusion: Donovan Pavilion closes promptly at midnight. Thus, all events must be torn down and loaded out of the facility by that time. Please allow ample time for your caterer to remove rental items and complete the Caterer’s checklist. Failure to end by midnight may result in additional rental fees.
Catering Checklist
Catering Guidelines 
Rental of Donovan Pavilion requires cleaning of the facility upon completion of your event. A complete Caterer’s Checklist is listed below: 
Caterer/client is responsible for all set up and tear-down of the Donovan Pavilion. Any chairs or tables placed on Pavilio n Patio must be stored in storage room at event conclusion. 
Load-in of all rental items and event supplies may take place at the rental start time only. No early load-ins or deliveries please. Please confirm that your caterer has this information.
Items you or your caterer need to supply: 
Table coverings – Required at all functions
Utensils – all serving, cooking and opening
Hot pads
Cleaning towels/sponges, liquid soap, cleanser
Large Trash Bags – 30-gallon bags for three containers and 13-gallon bags for two containers
Coffee (must be “drip grind”) and condiments
Extension cord, ladder, dolly
Cleaning Checklist
Event Cleaning Requirements 
The client is responsible for all cleaning of the Donovan Pavilion after your event.
Required facility cleaning at the conclusion of event includes:
Empty all trash cans and place trash in locked container outside kitchen door.
Rinse out trash cans.
Cardboard broken down and placed adjacent to dumpster in trash shed.
All leftover food removed and properly disposed of from refrigerators and freezer.
Ovens, burners and heat/hold unit all turned off.
Kitchen exhaust system turned off.
Coffee makers thoroughly rinsed and left open to dry.
All counters and sinks wiped clean.
Kitchen floor swept.
All tables and chairs thoroughly wiped and cleaned.
Trash and litter removed from floor in Grand Timber room, Alcove and Lobby.
Thank you for leaving the kitchen, furniture, Alcove and Grand Timber Room in the condition that you found it.
Please notify Pavilion staff of any problems or damage that you may have incurred during your event.
Usual and customary cleaning of the facility is included in your lease rate. Any additional cleaning needed as a result of your event, (i.e. carpet cleaning, removal of trash, windows, etc.) will be retained from your security deposit.
Let’s work together
Do you have an event you would like to host at the Donovan Pavilion in Vail?
CONTACT US 
VIEW OUR PORTFOLIO 
Contact
Copyright © 2026 by Town of Vail
Our Sites
Event Calendar 
 Art In Vail 
 Discover Vail 
 Hike Vail 
 Love Vail 
 Grand View 
 Donovan Pavilion 
 Career Opportunities 
STAY CONNECTED
WEBSITE DESIGN BY GRANICUS - Connecting People and Government