Timeless wedding photography in Singapore, Malaysia & Asia &mdash; wmt.co | Singapore Wedding Photographer 
0 
Skip to Content
Start Here
About 
Gallery
Stories
Pre-Wedding Guide
Say Hello
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Start Here
About 
Gallery
Stories
Pre-Wedding Guide
Say Hello
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Start Here
About 
Gallery
Stories
Pre-Wedding Guide
Say Hello
we craft visually Emotive stories for couples like you. Stories that will last for generations.
It’s About You.
When we make pictures, we are never alone. 
 We are guided by our eyes, our mind, our hearts. You guide us. 
 The photographs we make are but a journey—a collision—between your lives and and ours. 
 We seek to create pictures that are clean, simple and honest. That's it. Pictures that echoes in our hearts when our eyes are closed. 
 It's difficult to talk about ourselves. But sometimes, that is all that we have. So send us a letter. Tell us about you, about your precious love and the wedding you seek. Right here, right now you are reading this.
 Stories are what drives us to do what we do. And you are just one step closer.
Who We Are.
We are a Singapore-based wedding photography studio that crafts visually impactful stories for clients like you—stories that will last for generations. Specialising in documentary and narrative-led storytelling, we combine our artistic practice with client service sensibilities to ensure your wedding stories are told in the best way possible. 
 The studio is led by Zack—here with his wife Aqilah . We are both artists. The things we love: long walks in nature, coffee with great company and making art that matters. We also know some of the best locations for wedding portraits in Singapore! 
 We feel you—planning a wedding is tough. That’s why it’s our mission in life to do our best to capture your union and celebrate this with you. 
Photo: Carol Kuntjoro 
What We Do. 
Sessions
Celebrating you — in a pre-wedding portrait session. We travel, too. 
ROM
Documenting your solemnisation at the Registry of Marriages. 
Actual Day Weddings
Capturing timeless and tender moments from start to finish.
Gallery & Slideshow
Tailored for you, with a digital experience like no other.
Prints & Album
Fine-art. Precious to the touch. Delivered to your doorstep.
FAQ
How many photos can we expect? 
We generally shoot anything from 600-800 photographs per 6-hour wedding. We will cull down the images to 250-450 usable images. For portrait sessions, we deliver 40 minimum edited images. Learn more from our wedding stories in photographs here. 
How much should we invest? 
We care about delivering quality work. It starts from meeting you in person, to shooting your wedding – ensuring the important moments are captured – and also looking through every single image that you receive. It should be one of the top three things you invest on for your wedding.
Why choose you? 
How we are different from other photographers is in our approach to storytelling . It is not that we are better but we feel that we let our personal vision come through and the stories we tell differ from other wedding photographers . We will adapt to your wedding and tell the story the way it should be. That means being a good listener and simply letting the day guide us.
How many weddings do you book a year? 
We only take a limited number of couples a year. This ensures that each couple receive the attention to detail they deserve from the start to the end of the creative process. Hopefully, couples with a great outlook on life and love. Couples like you.
How early can we book you? 
From experience, anything between six months to two years. Last minute bookings can happen—if you are lucky. But we lost count the number of times that another couple has taken up the date you are keen on. Please contact us early!
Say Hello
Say Hello 
Say Hello 
START HERE 
 ABOUT 
 GALLERY 
 STORIES 
EMAIL 
 INSTAGRAM 
 FACEBOOK 
 GOOGLE REVIEWS 
GET IN TOUCH
SITE MAP
Hear from us
Sign up with your email address to receive promos and updates. We respect your privacy. A project by Zainal & Zainal Studio (UEN: T11LL1809H).
Email Address 
Sign Up 
Thank you!
Our Address & Opening Hours : 
 Robinson Rd, 14号, Far East Finance Building, #08-01A 邮政编码: 048545
 Monday: Closed
 Tuesday: 1100 - 1900 
 Wednesday: 1100 - 1900
 Thursday: 1100 - 1900
 Friday: 1100 - 1900
 Saturday: Closed/On Shoot 
 Sunday: Closed/On Shoot
Wmt.co