-->
Photographer Videographer | Colorado | Kara Cavalca Photo+Video 
top of page 
Home
Portfolio
Blog
Services
Weddings 
 Elopements 
 Engagement 
 Portraits 
 Boudoir 
Testimonials
About
Meet Kara 
 The Client Experience 
 FAQs 
Inquire / Book
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
WEDDING || PORTRAIT || BEAUTY || LOVE || VIDEO || MEMORY INSURANCE
PHOTOS ARE MEMORY FLYPAPER 
I don't believe in "manufacturing memories" 
​ 
I believe in capturing real authentic moments so when you look at your imagery you are transported back to those real beautiful memories. 
​ 
Choosing a photographer is much more than just finding someone with a camera. It is about finding someone that creates a space where you can open up and show your true self, have fun, and MAKE memories. 
​ 
And don't worry I will help you make those authentic moments feel natural, don't worry about not knowing what to do in front of the camera, I will still help with direction. But we will be having so much fun you'll forget all your photo worries. 
​ 
It is YOUR story 
I am just a very lucky artist, grateful for the opportunity to capture a little bit of magic. 
LEARN MORE ABOUT WEDDINGS 
Hello! 
I'm Kara! 
Your next memory insurance agent! 
​ 
I love helping people beautifully and professionally illustrate important moments and times of their lives. 
I feel so blessed to help my clients capture those things in life that fill this world with joy and beauty. 
​ 
​ 
​ 
​ 
learn more about Kara 
Click here to leave a review! 
"It is one thing to photograph people. It is another to make others care about them by revealing the core of their humanness." 
&mdash; Paul Strand 
What Clients Say... 
"Kara is my absolute favorite! Whether you know exactly what you want or are totally open, she makes every experience amazing, safe feeling, and just fun! My husband had Kara do his high school pictures years ago when they were still in school (10+ years ago), fast forward and she did our engagement AND wedding photos, and now we are here getting maternity photos done by her too. She's high quality and the absolute best in the area. If you aren't hitting her up for photos&hellip;. You're doing it wrong! " 
durango elopement photographer 
durango wedding photographer
wedding photographer in durango
wedding photographer in colorado
elopement photographer in durango
elopement photographer in telluride
telluride wedding photographer
telluride elopement photographer
ouray elopement photography 
OPENING HOURS 
TUESDAY - FRIDAY 9:30-5:30 
SATURDAY - MONDAY 
Events, Shoots and Personal Time 
​ 
Based in Durango, CO 
with coverage offered worldwide 
​ 
kara@karacavalca.com 
970-769-6982 
​ 
​ 
&copy; 2020 Kara Cavalca Photo+Video 
© Copyright
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM 
bottom of page