-->
Colorado Elopements | Kara Cavalca Photo 
top of page 
Home
Portfolio
Blog
Services
Weddings 
 Elopements 
 Engagement 
 Portraits 
 Boudoir 
Testimonials
About
Meet Kara 
 The Client Experience 
 FAQs 
Inquire / Book
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
LOVE IS AN ADVENTURE 
Your wedding day shouldn't be anything less 
"The mountains are calling and I must go" 
Colorado has everything to make your adventurous heart smile. 
MOUNTAINS | WATERFALLS | FORESTS | VIEWS | ADVENTURE 
If you are ready to shout your love from the mountaintops you have come to the right place! 
And I am ready to capture the genuine moments of your love unfolding against majestic backdrop that is colorado. 
You will never have to worry about awkward stilted moments on your wedding day with me. 
​ 
You don't want to look back at your imagery and remember feeling uncomfortable or weird. I specialize in helping create those natural authentic moments that will have you laughing and loving all day long and looking back at memories you'll want to look at over and over again. 
​ 
Hiring your photographer is more than just finding someone who has a good camera, you need someone who gels with you personally, who gets to know you as unique humans, who is passionate about capture YOUR story and feels like a friend on such a personal intimate day. 
​ 
Especially when you are eloping, your photographer is one of the very few people with you on such an important day and you want someone who is there FOR YOU, who knows the beautiful spots, who will help you plan the day of your dreams and make sure it is executed to perfection. 
you want a photographer that you can laugh with and enjoy your day with, as well as trust to capture all your unique beautiful genuine moments on SUCH an important day of your lives. 
Is eloping in Colorado right for you? 
Do you want to skip out on most of the stresses that come with a traditional wedding day?
​ 
Do you want your main focus throughout the day to be on your partner and your love for each other?
​ 
Do you want to focus your budget on just a few items instead of allocating most of it on food and venue?
Do you want the backdrop of your day to just be jaw dropping natural beauty that is as epic as your love? ​ 
Elopements aren't about running away to vegas and secretly getting married by an Elvis impersonator anymore. I mean they can be if that is your jam haha, but the essence of a Colorado elopement is more about going on an adventure with your favorite person and having an epic experience while you celebrate your forever love. 
​ 
And 
THERE ARE NO RULES 
In an elopement, YOU make the rules. 
If you want to invite a few close friends and family members, you can! 
If you want it to just be your and your partner and your dogs, you can do that too! 
Whatever fits you best to create the most magical day, that is what I want to help make happen. 
Let me help you take the stress out of your wedding day and replace it with adventure 
Ready to learn more?
Let&#x27; Chat! 
 I am here to be more than just your photographer, I am here to be your friend, your wedding day cheerleader, and to help you plan, execute and beautifully illustrate 
the day of your dreams! 
OPENING HOURS 
TUESDAY - FRIDAY 9:30-5:30 
SATURDAY - MONDAY 
Events, Shoots and Personal Time 
​ 
Based in Durango, CO 
with coverage offered worldwide 
​ 
kara@karacavalca.com 
970-769-6982 
​ 
​ 
&copy; 2020 Kara Cavalca Photo+Video 
© Copyright
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM 
bottom of page