Amanda Matilda Photography - Grand Junction Wedding Photographer 
Looking for business branding photos? Click here!
Menu
Blog Pricing elopement
Resources weddings Home Couples Couples Resources 
elopements elopements 
 let&#x27;s Do this 
Branding photos Elopement Planning 
Micro Weddings elopement
Resources weddings Home Couples Couples menu
Resources 
elopements elopements 
Branding photos Elopement Planning contact 
Your celebration. Your way.
Photography + Planning for couples who refuse to follow someone else's script.
western Colorado & moab Photographer
Landscape Print Shop now open! Click here
based in Grand Junction, CO
Serving Crested Butte, Ouray, Telluride, Aspen, Moab & Beyond 
Whether you're eloping just you two on a canyon rim, getting married in front of your 90 closest humans, wanting gorgeous photos just because, or renewing vows on your 20th anniversary — you're in the right place.
I specialize in celebrations that feel intentional. I work with LGBTQ+ and off-beat couples, non-traditional thinkers, and anyone who'd rather design their day around what they want not what they're supposed to do .
Choose Your Adventure
Elopements and intimate wedding coverage spans short-and-sweet to full day celebrations. Whether you already have a plan or need total guidance to craft your dream day, I got you .
this way 
 elopements
From larger weddings to micro weddings, packages are as unique as your celebration to fit your needs.
Weddings 
 Weddings
Couples photos can be a surprise proposal, engagement session, vow renewal or a photo session just for fun! Explore the options:
dive in 
 Couples
Whether you already have a photographer or just need 
boots-on-the-ground expertise, I offer à la carte and concierge planning services for Western Slope & Moab elopements.
The Deets 
 Planning
Micro Weddings 
Photography + Planning for Couples who want a great time without the stress (or the sweat ) 
Photography + Planning for Couples Creating Celebrations That Actually Feel Like Them 
Whether you're eloping with just the two of you or gathering your 30 favorite humans, I help LGBTQ+ and off-beat couples in Colorado & Moab create wedding experiences that feel intentional, authentic, and entirely yours—with photos that prove it.
No cookie-cutter timelines. No performative traditions. Just 13+ years of local expertise helping you craft a day you'll actually want to relive.
Elopements Micro Weddings Weddings 
about me
hi, I'm amanda
she/her
get to know me I've been helping couples navigate the beautiful chaos of planning and photographing elopements across Colorado's Western Slope and Moab, Utah since 2015 (started the business in 2012!)
I believe your wedding day should feel as good as it looks—which means comfortable, intentional, and entirely stress-free.
Whether you need someone to guide you through the entire planning process or just want a photographer who gets it, I'm here to make sure your day unfolds exactly the way you envisioned.
When I'm not helping couples plan and document the day of their dreams, you can find me drinking an iced chai and binge watching Gilmore Girls or Grey's Anatomy! 
featured on
-Megan & Jordan
Amanda was the best decision we made for our wedding day! The photos are exceptional and perfectly capture the scenery and vibe we were going for, but that’s only a portion of what Amanda provided. She helped give us planning guidance , organization , and reassurance throughout, which alleviated all the worries we had about eloping in a place we’d never been before. 
"the best decision we made"
-Allison & Ethan
Amanda is the perfect wedding photographer . The photos perfectly captured the whole day and I feel like I can easily relive it just by looking back at the photos. I highly recommend Amanda.
"The Perfect Wedding Photographer"
-Beth & Dustin
We used Amanda for our wedding and she is the BEST ! Our photos turned out amazing and she captured the feel of our night perfectly. She’s also really fun to hang with . We didn’t want her to leave at the end of the night!
"She captured the feel of our night perfectly."
- Kylie & Murat
Amanda did an amazing job on our elopement photos! She was incredibly organized during all the planning and sent incredibly helpful tips and ideas in the months leading up.
"Incredibly organized & helpful"
read more 
How I Help You Create Your Dream Day 
PHOTOGRAPHY
Award-winning imagery that captures the story and scenery of your celebration in vibrant, genuine detail
ELOPEMENT PLANNING
Expert guidance on locations, vendors, timelines, and permits—from comprehensive concierge services to à la carte consultation
STRESS-FREE EXPERIENCE
Expertise since 2012 means you can relax and be present while I handle the details
→ Whether you book me for photography, planning, or both, you get someone who knows this region inside and out.
Learn More 
What's it like to Work with me?
Here's What People are Saying...
Reviews 
wondering where to explore?
my favorite places:
Crested Butte
Ouray
Grand Junction
Silverton
Moab
Aspen
view more stories Featured Adventures
Tabi & Patty's Wildflower Elopement
lindy & matt's micro wedding in Grand Junction
kylie & murat's arches elopement
Zane & Amber Downtown Brewery
Peter & Caitlin Apple Picking Adventure
Megan & Jordan's Sunset Elopement at Dead Horse Point
Avery & Maira's Fall Elopement
Forrest & Julia's Twin Lakes Elopement
Emily & Nick's Sunset Elopement
Logan & Jenna's Kitten Micro WEdding
RACHEL & MARK's CAMPING WEDDING
SOLOMON & LAUREN's MICRO WEDDING
Cozy Cottagecore Micro Wedding at Camp7
Zac & Audrey's Snowy Engagement
Audrey & Robert's Camping Wedding
william & amy's forest elopement at lake irwin
Rebekah & Tyeler's Micro Wedding
Claudia & Cody's Wildflower Elopement
tiffany & josh's mountain elopement
kristina & hagan's Micro wedding at Maroon Bells
Allie & ryan's cold plunge elopement
LESLIE & JAMES' PICNIC ELOPEMENT IN MOAB
ASHTON & MOLLY'S ASPEN GHOST TOWN ELOPEMENT
Ian & Ana's adventure session at Dead Horse
As Seen On...
Ready to save your date, get expert advice & preserve your memories?
Let's do this.
Amanda Matilda Photography is a Grand Junction, Colorado-based elopement photography and planning business founded in 2012. I specialize in intimate celebrations across Colorado's Western Slope, San Juan Mountains, and Moab, Utah — including Crested Butte, Ouray, Telluride, Aspen, Silverton, Palisade, Grand Mesa, Arches National Park, and Canyonlands. I offer elopement photography, wedding photography, and standalone elopement planning services for LGBTQ+ and non-traditional couples. Leave No Trace certified and featured in 5280 Magazine, Offbeat Wed, Wandering Weddings, and the Visit Grand Junction visitor's guide.
back to top
 Capturing the story & scenery of your celebration
home
 about
 contact
 blog
 CONNECT
reviews
 faq
 Resources:
Wedding Venues of Grand Junction
 VIEW ALL ELOPEMENT RESOURCES 
Ultimate Elopement Planning Guide
Getting Married at Top of the Pines
How to Elope on the Grand Mesa
Where to Get Married in Moab
for photographers
 Albums
 privacy policy 
Links:
Weddings
 Couples
Vow Renewals
Pet Families
Elopements
Branding Photos
Amanda Matilda Photography LLC
Copyright © 2012-2026