Pricing | Grand Junction Photographer Amanda Matilda 
Menu
Blog Pricing elopement
Resources weddings Home Couples Couples Resources 
elopements elopements 
 let&#x27;s Do this 
Branding photos Elopement Planning 
Pricing
Elopements, weddings, couples photos, adventure sessions and more...
I offer photography for elopements and weddings around Western Colorado and Utah (and beyond!) I love capturing and preserving moments for micro weddings, engagement photos, adventure sessions and more as well.
Scroll to your desired offering and click through for more deets.
Weddings
micro weddings
Elopements
Couples
Click below for info & Pricing
Looking for Branding Photos?
Learn More 
Since starting my business in 2012 and moving here in 2015, I've been helping couples navigate the beautiful chaos of planning and photographing elopements across Colorado's Western Slope, San Juan Mountains, and Moab, Utah.
I believe your wedding day should feel as beautiful as it looks—which means comfortable, stress-free, and entirely true to who you are.
Whether you need comprehensive planning support, photography that captures the story and scenery of your day, or both—I'm here to make sure the experience is exactly what you hoped for.
When I'm not helping couples, you can find me with a chai latte, binge-watching Gilmore Girls & Grey's Anatomy - again.
Hey there, I'm Amanda
she/her 
get to know me 
Western Colorado & Moab Elopement Specialist
Couples I've worked with
350+
States I've visited
27
(and counting!) 
Moose I've seen
8
Episodes of Gilmore Girls binged
100%
What's it like to Work with me?
Here's What People are Saying...
Reviews 
frequently asked questions
FAQ
Yep! I travel for a bunch of my celebrations each year. I keep local near Grand Junction and Moab in the winter, but frequently spend my season in Ouray, Crested Butte, Aspen and beyond!
DO YOU TRAVEL?
I am lucky to live in Grand Junction, Colorado! We’re blessed with incredible locations to photograph right in our backyard, but also just a short trip into the Rocky Mountains or over to the desert of Moab!
WHERE ARE YOU BASED?
Yes! I cull through all the images and retouch them to my style (I like to call it vibrant and timeless!) and deliver the final images in an online gallery. 
WILL WE GET THE DIGITALS?
Fill out my contact form below and I'll send over my specific pricing guide for the services you're interested in. From there we'll meet by phone/Zoom to make sure we're a good fit! Once you know I'm the one for you, I'll send over an invoice and agreement by email to save your date.
how do we book you?
Friendly and AFFIRMING! I don't just document LGBTQIA2S couples - I celebrate your love with you. I've helped lovers document their love before it was even legal federally and will always be on your side.
ARE YOU LGBTQ+ FRIENDLY?
I started Amanda Matilda Photography in 2012! Before that I second shot under some pros to get a better understanding of what went into documenting weddings.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN BUSINESS?
Yep! Elopements are always planned by me (unless you've hired a planner as well) and I help you with tailored location guides, activity ideas to make your day special, crafting the perfect timeline so you can enjoy every moment, Area Guides so you can explore the area like a local, vendor recommendations for pros to help bring your dreams to life, and more.
do you help with planning?
You'll have an extensive sneak peek within 48 hours of your celebration so you can relive the moments and share with loved ones. Your full online gallery will be available within 4-6 weeks after your big day.
When will we have our photos?
More Answers 
Ready to save your date?
Let's do this
Thank you!
I'll be in touch within 24-48 hours.
If you don’t hear from me soon, I’m probably in the mountains or desert capturing another couple.
Please feel free to reach out to me directly:
info@amandamatildaphotography.com
Amanda Matilda Photography is a Grand Junction, Colorado-based elopement photography and planning business founded in 2012. I specialize in intimate celebrations across Colorado's Western Slope, San Juan Mountains, and Moab, Utah — including Crested Butte, Ouray, Telluride, Aspen, Silverton, Palisade, Grand Mesa, Arches National Park, and Canyonlands. I offer elopement photography, wedding photography, and standalone elopement planning services for LGBTQ+ and non-traditional couples. Leave No Trace certified and featured in 5280 Magazine, Offbeat Wed, Wandering Weddings, and the Visit Grand Junction visitor's guide.
back to top
 Capturing the story & scenery of your celebration
home
 about
 contact
 blog
 CONNECT
reviews
 faq
 Resources:
Wedding Venues of Grand Junction
 VIEW ALL ELOPEMENT RESOURCES 
Ultimate Elopement Planning Guide
Getting Married at Top of the Pines
How to Elope on the Grand Mesa
Where to Get Married in Moab
for photographers
 Albums
 privacy policy 
Links:
Weddings
 Couples
Vow Renewals
Pet Families
Elopements
Branding Photos