-->
About | Crested Butte, Colorado Wedding + Elopement Photographer | Jacey Kate Photography 
top of page 
Home
About
Blog 
Portfolio
Weddings 
 Elopements 
 Couples 
 Families 
Videos
Client Albums
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Hi I'm Jacey! 
As a Crested Butte Wedding and Elopement photographer, I want my client's to be able to relive their day through my images like a cinematic movie, jumping back into that moment and reminiscing the scene. I like to take advantage of my stunning backyard's adventurous terrain. The Crested Butte area contains unlimited locations to explore! If you are a carefree, fun-loving, wild and free couple and are looking for a photographer who is always down for a memorable adventure, I think we will be a great fit.
​ 
My photography has a whimsical documentary style, yet remains true to color. I create real, authentic, vibrant and eye-catching images of my clients; softening skin tones and radiating memories. My goal is for my images to illuminate the joy of the moment and to capture the uniqueness of the individuals I am capturing. I try to never allow two photo sessions to feel the same.
Check out my brand introduction video below for a better look into what I do!
My Photography Story 
Since the first time I held a camera in my hand, I quickly knew I had a passion for photography. I have always been a fan of storytelling, and photography is a place for me to express my own cinamatic version of just that. 
From that first spark of my love for photography to now, I have put in over ten years of hard work to be where I am today. I truly believe that we all have a purpose for why we do what we do and photography and storytelling has continued to be my adored pursuit and profession. I have always loved listening to people's stories, for me, it is a honor and joy to be a part of helping them document their lives. I find importance in capturing moments that will last a lifetime. I am constantly inspired by others, and I desire to not let these encouraging stories go untold. 
​ 
Being a local Crested Butte Photographer has been the most rewarding career and I am passionate about making my client's dreams a reality. 
​ 
Let's tell your cinematic love story ! 
"Jacey was so awesome to work with! She brought fun energy to our wedding and took SO MANY amazing pitures. She was down to brave a crazy rainstorm and get some great pictures. I am so thankful for her! The pictures she took will last a lifetime!" 
 Alyssa + Tanner 
Testimonials + Google Reviews 
Wanting to read more reviews or leave a review yourself after working with me? 
Check out more! 
FAA Certified 
Drone Pilot 
Contact 
I'm always looking for new and exciting opportunities to tell stories. Are you n ot located in 
Crested Butte, Colorado? 
No worries I can travel to you! 
Let's connect 
See my work 
Jacey Kate Photography 
All Rights Reserved to Jacey Kate Photography, LLC 
bottom of page