Colorado Wedding Photographer - Mark Creery Photography Weddings Engagements Portraits Packages About Reviews Info Contact 
Della Terra Mountain Chateau The Boulders at Black Canyon Inn Homestead at Black Canyon Inn Shupe Homestead Wild Basin Lodge Sweet Heart Winery The Landing at Estes Park Tapestry House Lionscrest Manor Spruce Mountain Ranch Cherokee Ranch & Castle YMCA of the Rockies Estes Park Denver Botanic Gardens Perry-Mansfield Steamboat The Arrabelle at Vail Square Denver Museum of Nature & Science Christies of Genesee Arrowhead Golf Course Colorado State University - CSU Villa Parker 
Best Photos Panoramas Album designs 
Family High School Seniors Graduation 
About Mark Awards History FAQ Blog 
wedding album care What to wear for your engagement session Wedding gown shopping 
What to Expect Engagement session Wedding albums Wedding Photography Guide Tips Estes Park wedding photographers 
Fort Collins Photographer
 Twenty-Two Years In, Still Obsessed With Moments That Matter
 My name is Mark Creery. I am a photographer based in Fort Collins, Colorado. 
You want more than just pretty pictures: you want to feel the day all over again. You want someone who’ll show up, see you, and tell your story through real, joyful moments; not stiff poses or overdone edits. That’s where I come in.
 WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER
WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY
 See how your story could look
ENGAGEMENT PHOTOGRAPHER
ENGAGEMENT PHOTOGRAPHY
 click to view my photos
PORTRAIT PHOTOGRAPHER
FAMILY PHOTOGRAPHY
 click to view my photos
HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR PHOTOGRAPHY
 click to view my photos
GRADUATION PHOTOGRAPHY
 click to view my photos
You were hands down our favorite vendor (shh - don’t tell the others!) - Camila & Paul 
 I excel at capturing the true personalities of my clients while still showing off the amazing scenery that Colorado offers. If you're looking for a fun, down-to-earth, creative , and professional photographer then Mark Creery Photography just might be the studio for you.
Don't just take my word for it. This word cloud taken from my 110+ 5-star Google reviews shows how my clients have raved about my work and personality: 
Choosing your photographer can be a challenging process, but I'm here to make it easy for you. "Mark was one of the best decisions we made about the whole wedding. He made us feel so comfortable and we were really happy to have him around all day.” Gretchen & Duncan Let’s see if we’re a fit Wedding Photographer in Colorado
 Serving weddings in Estes Park , Fort Collins, Denver , Boulder , Breckenridge , Colorado Springs , Keystone , Vail , Beaver Creek , Steamboat Springs , Winter Park , Aspen , Silverthorne , Golden , Allenspark , Lyons , Loveland , Littleton , Longmont, Larkspur, Parker, Evergreen, Buena Vista, Avon, Bailey, Broomfield, Centennial, Highlands Ranch, Castle Rock, Thornton, Westminster, A-Basin, Glenwood Springs, Grand Junction, Livermore, Manitou Springs, Pine, Red Feather Lakes, Sedalia, Telluride, Ouray, Glenwood Springs, Idaho Springs, Aurora, Arvada, Leadville, Morrison, Grand Lake, Snowmass Village, Tabernash, Greeley, Windsor, and more. I take great pride in my ability to photograph at a high level in the diverse locations that Colorado has. Whether it means hopping on a ski chair lift with all my gear, taking a helicopter to the top of a mountain, or slogging through the mud and getting dirty and wet, I am willing to do what it takes to get those unusual and breath-taking shots that you can see in my work. Wedding Venues in Colorado
 I have worked at many great wedding venues throughout Colorado, including but not limited to Della Terra Mountain Chateau, Shupe Homestead, Timber Ridge Lodge Kestone, Spruce Mountain Ranch, Villa Parker, The Lodge at Breckenridge, Garden of the Gods Resort & Club, Planet Bluegrass, Windsong Estate Event Center, The Hillside Vineyard Fort Collins, Lionscrest Manor, Wild Basin Lodge, Highlands Ranch Mansion, Christies at Genesee, The Pines at Genesee, SkyView at Fall River Village Resort, Taharaa Mountain Lodge, Grand Hyatt Denver, Mile High Station, The Boulders at Black Canyon Inn, Tapestry House, The Woodlands, BlueSky Breckenridge, Lionsgate Event Center Gatehouse, The Elizabeth Hotel, Denver Museum of Nature & Science, Arrowhead Golf Course, Thunderhead Lodge Steamboat, Ken Caryl Vista, Clock Tower Denver, Fort Collins Country Club, Mountain View Ranch, The Barn at Evergreen Memorial Park, Willow Ridge Manor, La Joya Dulce, O'Connor Pavilion, Red Rocks Trading Post, Chapel at Beaver Creek, Allie's Cabin, Sylvan Dale Guest Ranch, Mishawaka Amphitheatre, Aspen Grove at Sundance Trail Guest Ranch, Catamount Lake House, Breckenridge Nordic Center, Block One Events, Wellshire Event Center, Wyoming Hereford Ranch, Estes Park Resort, The Historic Crag's Lodge, Snowy Range Lodge, The Vista at Applewood Golf Course, along with many outdoor scenic locations, including Sprague Lake and Lily Lake in Rocky Mountain National Park, Sapphire Point, Hermit Park Open Space, Staunton State Park, Twin Lakes, and many, many others. Photographer Reviews
 See what reviews my wedding couples have been giving about their experience with me. My couples have also left glowing testimonials on Wedding Wire and The Knot , where many couples find me. It's truly an honor for me to be able to serve my clients and know that they are so happy with their photos and the service they received from me throughout the whole process. You can also find a detailed list of my many awards and accolades . Pricing and Information
 Although I don’t list my Colorado area packages on my website, you can easily get this by filling out my contact form or giving me a call at 970-402-0618. I personalize my packages to suit your needs, as every couple and wedding is unique. I keep things simple for you by starting with packages that include my time and digital images, and you can add more time, engagement sessions, or wedding albums. Any product you might want can be added 'a la carte' as well. If you're interested in finding out more, I'm happy to connect in person or with your preferred technology - be it phone, email, text, or Zoom. I'm here to help! Fort Collins Photographer - photos@markcreery.com - (970) 402-0618 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Copyright © 2026
 Weddings Engagements Packages About Reviews Info Contact