Pricing | Kate Merrill Photo 
Skip to content 
Portfolio 
Pricing 
About 
Resources 
Contact 
Toggle Menu 
Contact 
wedding photography pricing
Transparent options that fit &#8230;you
Who the heck decided that wedding photographers (and all vendors really) shouldn’t put pricing on their sites? I don’t know, but it drove me bonkers when I was looking at vendors for my own wedding. I know you&#8217;re busy people who ain&#8217;t got time for that, so I&#8217;m all for pricing transparency.
What&#8217;s included?
IN ALL COLLECTIONS
A minimum of 75 edited photos per &#8220;event&#8221; below 
Final edited photos hosted in an online gallery 
High resolution + web resolution downloads 
Print + personal use release 
Travel up to 45 miles from Denver, Colorado 
Unlimited emails with planning advice 
Up to two planning calls before the big day 
A discount on your engagement session 
Pricing FAQs
Coverage Definitions? 
See that list up there and wonder what all each section covers? Here&#8217;s a breakdown for ya! We&#8217;re building a package together in a totally unique way, and I don&#8217;t expect you to know all these terms off the bat. 
The intention with this structure is NEVER to lock you into a box on how your day is covered, so if you feel like something you want doesn&#8217;t really fit into one of these categories, just message. I always want to give you freedom and agency to do your wedding your way.
Getting Ready
Photos of you and your people getting ready!! I arrive near the end of hair and makeup (if applicable) or before you start putting on your outfits. 
Details
If flatlays are something you drool about, adding this means I arrive earlier and collect all your details for some awesome photos before you put them on! Some details are included without this option added, but very curated detail photos take time, so if those are important to you, add this!!
First Look
Time set aside for you to see each other before the ceremony and take 15-20 minutes of portraits. 
Family Portraits
Self explanatory! The formal, posed portraits of you with your families. We&#8217;ll put together a list for these ahead of time to make things all run smoothly. Before you ask&#8230; YES! Found Family is ABSOLUTELY INCLUDED in this. 
Wedding Party Portraits
You and your besties!! These are also formal, posed portraits, with some fun ones thrown in. Don&#8217;t have an &#8220;official&#8221; wedding party but still want photos with your nearest and dearest? This flexibly covers about 20 minutes of fun posed group photos as well. 
Newlywed Portraits
This is the time we set aside to take your epic portraits together as adorable married humans. Typically, having 30 minutes to an hour set aside for these moments is best. 
Ceremony
YOU GET MARRIED!! And, I photograph it and stuff.
Cocktail Hour
Candid photographs at your cocktail hour of your guests enjoying all the fun! Lawn games, snacks, and laughs &#8212; all here! This is also the option to choose if you are doing a small microwedding and having a casual gathering afterwards. 
Reception
Covers the more formal or traditional wedding events. Speeches, parent dances, your first dance, and cake cutting are covered. If this is the last part of the day you choose to have coverage, I&#8217;ll head out after the last continuous reception event (i.e. something that is scheduled for two hours into the dance party is not covered).
Dance Party
I hang out for an hour to two hours of the open dance floor. If your crew gets on the floor and throws down right away, I might need less time to get the photos I need. But, if things get started a little more slowly, I&#8217;ll stay until I feel I have appropriately documented the dancing!! I love a good dance party, so I promise to be in the thick of it &#8217;til I&#8217;m just taking the same photo over and over again 😉 
Send Off
I stay for the rest of the dance party and photograph your send off at the end of the night.
Second Photographer
Adds a second photographer for the important parts of the day. Their time will overlap with mine, and I will figure out when they are needed to get you the best images!!
Additional Location
Covers time and travel associated with going to another location for your portraits. i.e. driving from The Golden Hotel to Lookout Mountain with the family and wedding party &#8212; or taking a partybus around Denver with the wedding party for photos in different locations. 
This accounts for the additional planning, permit applications and fees, and research involved in using additional locations!!
Additional Event
Looking for coverage on a different day for any reason? Here you go!! You can use this for a private vow exchange, a rehearsal dinner, or another ceremonial celebration like a tea ceremony or a ketuba signing.
Do I need a second photographer? 
This is one of the most common questions I get asked when folks are building their packages, and here are my usual rules. You don&#8217;t need a second photographer if&#8230;
Your guest count is under 100
You are getting ready within a 10 minute drive of each other
It is easy to move around your ceremony site
There are no rules about where photographers can stand during your ceremony
You do need a second photographer if&#8230;
Your guest count is over 150
Your wedding party is bigger than 7 on each side (so 16 total people)
You are getting ready more than a 10 minute drive from each other
You want lots of getting ready photos with no moments missed in each getting ready space
Detail photos are VERY important to you
You don&#8217;t want to do a first look, but do want all of your separate wedding party and family photos taken before you see each other at the ceremony
Your ceremony space is hard to move around 
There are only a few places that a photographer is allowed to stand during your ceremony (like many churches)
You have a large extended family that might benefit from an extra set of hands organizing them
These rules are not hard and fast, but are a good starting place when you are making the decision to include a second photographer in your wedding package! I&#8217;m always happy to talk through your options here in more detail too. Don&#8217;t hesitate to reach out! 
Do you offer standalone engagement sessions? 
YES! I love engagement sessions and finding amazing locations from the front range to in the city to take fun photos of you together. Standalone engagement sessions start at $900 and include 50 images, one location, and 45 miles of travel from Denver, Colorado. Hit me up if you want to talk about booking your engagement session 🙂
What is your elopement pricing? 
I love small weddings, elopements, and intimate wedding celebrations just as much as a 150 person party. My pricing is the same for both wedding coverage and elopement coverage, just start with selecting &#8220;ceremony&#8221; in the package builder, and add any other events you want photographed!
Do you offer photography for surprise proposals? 
Yes! Although, I only offer them if everyone involved in the session knows they are being photographed. Hit me up to brainstorm how to get your partner along for a session!
Do you have any coverage minimums? 
90% of the time, no! But, due to high demand during peak wedding season, my minimum package on Saturdays (May-October) is $3,000. Thanks for your understanding!
We donate 5% of profits to The Trevor Project annually. We also offer opportunities for promotional donations NAACP, and the Colorado Immigrant Freedom Fund. Watch for these promotions on our Instagram.
Package Builder
click to select a part of the day you want photographed, or try one of the suggested packages at the top! Your total will appear at the end.
Elopement
Micro Wedding
Wedding
Big Wedding
Getting Ready
400
Details
200
First Look
400
Family Portraits
600
Newlywed Portraits
900
Wedding Party Portraits
400
Ceremony
900
Cocktail Hour
400
Reception
900
Dance Party
600
Send Off
900
Add&#8217;l Location
200
Add&#8217;l Event
900
Total: $ 0 
 Clear selections 
Other Add-Ons
Second Photographer
starts at $600
Engagement Session
starts at $900
Film Photography
starts at $700
Content Creation
starts at $500
Add Film
Looking for those dreamy nostalic colors, soft skin tones, and ineffable magic you only get from film? I got you!!
I offer fully hybrid film and digital coverage for wedding days, as well as options to add film to just a portion of your day. 
learn more 
engagement sessions
I offer standalone sessions, and sessions packaged with your wedding coverage. Standalone sessions start at $900, and include travel within 35 miles of Denver. Sessions are an hour-ish long, and photos are edited and delivered in around 4 weeks.
We are so happy with our decision to hire Kate! Neither me nor my husband are too comfortable in front of the camera and in fact, we even toyed with the idea of not having a photographer at all, but I am SO glad we changed our minds. Looking at the photos now I cannot even imagine not having them. Kate did a fantastic job of capturing the day and really telling a story. She was so good at putting us at ease and just making sure we had a good time and looked like ourselves. You will not regret putting her in charge of capturing your day.
Shae & Ryan 
What's Next?
Your email lands in my inbox, I get PUMPED!
 Write me a message and tell me about all your wedding dreams, then I figure out how to make them come true.
I check my calendar, we set a date.
 I'll check my calendar to see if I have your date free, then we chat on the phone, video chat, or get your questions answered via email.
Tell me what you want, I make it official.
 We make your wedding package *chef's kiss* perfect, I send you everything you need to book online.
see if I have your date available 
Navigation
Home 
About 
Pricing 
Resources 
Portfolio 
LGBTQ+ 
Contact 
Kate Merrill
for folks who rock their weird
Kate Merrill is a Denver Wedding Photographer servicing the Denver Metro Area and Front Range. Travel for services is included to Denver, Boulder, Littleton, Morrison, Golden, Evergreen, Conifer, and Lyons. A small fee applies to travel for Breckenridge, Aspen, Vail, Eagle, Colorado Springs, and Fort Collins. We also travel to New Mexico, Utah, Washington, California, Mexico, and the UK for lodging and airfare. Just ask for more details.
full transparent pricing 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
Facebook 
Mail 
Favorites
Best Denver Wedding Venues 
Denver Courthouse Wedding Guide
Dog-Friendly Wedding Venues 
Boulder Elopement Guide 
Security & Legal
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Terms & Conditions 
Portfolio 
Pricing 
About 
Resources