-->
Colorado Wedding Photography | Iva Dostal Photography | About 
top of page 
Weddings
Journal
Seniors
About
Pricing
Inquire Here
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Hello, I'm Iva and this is a little about me! 
​ 
I am a wedding, portrait and architectural photographer based in Colorado. Have camera, will travel. I live in Longmont and travel all the time (in my dreams at least). 
I photograph anything and everything. I consider myself a photographer of life, love, and anything beautiful, so if your project falls within those lines, I'll photograph it. 
I share my life and passions with my husband, our kids, 2 dogs and a cat. 
When I'm not working as a photographer you can usually find me out in nature enjoying colorful Colorado. 
Photography is my passion. It's my creative outlet. I do not take this lightly. I'm grateful each and every day as a professional photographer, and am constantly working on bettering myself and my work for my future clients. 
Thank you for stopping by to check out my work. I am thrilled that my work has caught your eye. If you are looking for a portrait, commercial, or wedding photographer in Colorado or anywhere else, I look forward to hearing from you! 
​ 
​ 
Shooting style 
​ 
I strive to be completely unnoticed, in and out as moments are happening. 
I am hunting for those in-between moments. I even wear soft flats so I can sneak around without anyone noticing. To me this is how you really capture truly candid images. 
​ 
I'll help you out. 
I feel awkward in front of a camera so I truly understand how weird it can feel. Portrait time is some of the only alone time you both get together on a wedding day and I work to make it not just about photos, but about you two spending some time together. And if you got a crazy family that never listens, I got you. I completely lead family photos so they are done quickly and make it fun in the process. 
​ 
Wedding photography is important but I won't take you away for 2 hours for portraits. You should be enjoying the time hanging with your college mates. I am very passionate about you actually being at your wedding so I will organize photos with the least time possible needed. 
DON'T HESITATE TO REACH OUT! THERE'S A REAL HUMAN HERE! 
Information 
About 
​ 
Reviews 
Follow 
Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Iva Dostal is a wedding and family photographer based in Longmont, Colorado serving the whole Front Range area. 
​ 
Contact 
​ 
hello@ivadostalphotography.com 
952. 212. 0881 
Longmont, Colorado 
&copy; 2025 Iva Dostal Photography - Colorado Wedding Photographer 
bottom of page