Wedding Photographer & Super 8 Films 
blog home about CONTACT ME POrtfolio SERVICES 
blog home about ELOPEMENTS & INTIMATE WEDDINGS BOUDOIR SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY PORTRAITS & ENGAGEMENTS Wedding PHOTOGRAPHY 
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT Kelly Miller Studios
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT 
Boudoir Portraits
 Elopement photography Videography
 Wedding Photography
Capturing
in a candid way, so you can live in the moment.
Moments
Weddings & Elopements 
Digital. Film. Super8
From intimate dinners to outdoor adventures, your multi-day celebration can be a time for you to enjoy the moments as we help to capture them. For the people who have thoughtfully crafted a day that reflects your individuality and style but could care less about the posed moments - this is it. 
Let's chat 
Wedding Photographer & Super 8 Videographer
Here to change the narrative and the way it feels to have your photos taken. This experience is one that allows you to bask in the moment, enjoy your people, and your adventurous spirit. With a touch of vintage film, and the big landscapes that surround us. Let’s make your wedding experience easy-going and memorable. 
Spend more time in celebrating with your people.
Photo & Super 8 wedding videos THAT FEEL LIKE YOUR ADVENTUROUS SPIRIT
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
Colorado & Mountain Wedding Photographer
see More MOMENTS A wedding day is time well spent surrounded by the uncontrollable nature of moments fleeing - and an adventure that will once be only relived through photos & film. Creating a balance between the candid and lived in moments, with the more finessed ones of a wedding day.
Portfolio
Elopement and downtown reception 
vail mountain wedding 
 three day wedding festivities 
// next 
Paige 
Kelly didn't just understand this; she actively protected it.
Her calm presence ensured that the day flowed naturally, truly making space for living in the moment, while still capturing beautiful photos!
We came into the day with a firm intention: to be relaxed and fully present, soaking up every second without feeling rushed or overly directed.
Elisha 
Kelly is not only incredibly talented but also such a warm, calming presence to have by your side on your wedding day. We’ll cherish these photos forever, and we truly cannot thank her enough for helping make our day so perfect. 
We could not be more grateful for Kelly and the incredible work she did for our Maroon Bells wedding
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
Travis 
We find ourselves watching our videos often, especially the Super 8, and each time we’re reminded of how special that day was. It’s something we’ll cherish forever. As time goes on, these videos have become even more meaningful—capturing some of our last memories with people we love. Kelly didn’t just document the day; she captured the emotions, the in-between moments, and the people who mean the most to us. We’re so grateful to have had her by our side.
Kelly was phenomenal to work with! 
David and rachael 
I came in nervous about being in front of the camera, but her direction was so natural and easy to follow that the nerves melted away quickly. She has a real gift for putting people at ease.
Kelly made our engagement shoot feel thoughtful and special from start to finish. 
MEET 
PERSON BEHIND THE LENS
the
Adventure and nature drive my work and style. Between growing up in a family that loves multi-day road trips, ski trips in the winter and then experiencing the cultural and experiential element that come with gatherings, I understand why capturing these moments matter. Your images are treasured memories of the people you surround yourself with, of the adventures you take, and some of the most important moments in this life.
I am a wedding and elopement photographer and Super 8 filmmaker. 
more about Kelly 
PORTRAITS
SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY
& Elopement Photography
For intimate events to crafted weekend celebrations. From the activities, rehearsal, and wedding day - photo on digital and film will give you something to look back on for a lifetime. Specializing in multi-day events and weddings.
Packages or custom collections to create a unique experience for each client. 
View Packages 
Weddings
PORTRAITS
WEDDING & ELOPEMENTS
 SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY
Being in front of the camera doesn't have to feel like a production. Your day is approached with a documentary style, so that you can feel like the process isn't an interruption to the real moments as they happen.
more details 
Your browser does not support the video tag. 
SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY
WEDDING & ELOPEMENTS
 PORTRAITS
Sessions that are inspired by landscapes, architectures, and your favorite places. 
Freezing moments and turning them into keepsakes on digital and film photo. 
See more 
reminding you of the emotions you felt and the intentional life that you've created.
CONTACT ME 
Back to top
home about contact PACKAGES GALLERIES ©KELLY MILLER STUDIoS 2026. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | TERMS & CONDITIONS | PRIVACY POLICY 
Send Inquiry Instagram email pinterest Navigate 
 Connect 
Kelly Miller Studios
Documentary digital and film photographer crafting candid images that feel effortless. Super 8 wedding filmmaker, nostalgia through motion. Colorado & California based, serving destination celebrations.