About - Kelly Miller 
blog home about CONTACT ME POrtfolio SERVICES 
blog home about ELOPEMENTS & INTIMATE WEDDINGS BOUDOIR SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY PORTRAITS & ENGAGEMENTS Wedding PHOTOGRAPHY 
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT Kelly Miller Studios
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT 
Boudoir Portraits
 Elopement photography Videography
 Wedding Photography
meet the
Super 8 filmmaker & Photographer
A little more about me —
Every human, moment, and day is uniquely its own. I aim to capture that in a creative manner. I’d like you to focus on living in the moment and enjoying the time. Professionality, respect, empathy, and compassion is at the forefront of how I treat others. From booking through delivery - I'm so thankful you *chose* to work with me. Woman Owned. Asian Owned. For all KINDS OF love and all people. Welcoming & Inclusive. 
( I am an )
advenutrous photographer focused on authentic moments with intention and personality.
It all started with a Rocky Mountain Elopement - my sister's elopement for that matter. And from that moment, kicked off the last six years of my life, documenting moments, traveling to take part in some amazing wedding days, and have the opportunity to meet many unique couples in this part of their life journey. Growing up, we spent a lot of time in the outdoors and on the road exploring the west coast United States and traveling back to Thailand where my parents are from. These big landscapes and adventures are at the core of my inspiration in my work and a little part of why I enjoy doing this. In my spare time you can find me mountain biking, running, snowboarding, and spending time in Colorado where I call home base. We might jive over the wide spectrum of music that I listen to or over iced coffees, or the sharing stories of the places we've been and the things we love doing. I enjoy connection, and although I consider myself more introverted, I'll find my bursts of energy in the excitement of your day and celebration. 
Destination Hybrid Wedding Photographer and Filmmaker Based in Colorado
It's about the little moments, the ones that ignite a memory.
My Story
The Experience
Creative Process 
My Roots
Back in 2019 my sister asked me to photograph her intimate elopement in Rocky Mountain National Park and since then I've been capturing portraits, events, and weddings. I grew up documenting road-trips, adventures, and time with my family and it's always been something that I love. As someone who feels so deeply about the importance of capturing momentos, this is something that I'm so passionate about sharing in my work. 
Started with a Rocky Mountain Elopement
My Story
The Experience
Creative Process 
Experience First Photography
For each client and couple that I work with, experience is always the forefront. Your imagery and films are only a small part of equation. When I capture you, my goal is to ensure that your imagery shares your personality and details that are most important to you. Crafting an experience that feels seamless, but all easy-going is at the forefront of my mind. Your experience is meant to document the journey rather than dictate what happens and where. 
Every Experience is Your Own
My Story
The Experience
Creative Process 
Why I do what I do. 
I spend a lot of time enjoying the outdoors and feel inspired by nature, big landscapes and lighting. My connection to travel and nature share a key part in how I connect with my clients and document these moments. I find myself often inspired by my clients who show me the goodness in the world - their advocacy, kindness, and sense for adventure is awe inspiring. My family is from Thailand, and the entrepreneurship and drive that I see from the people closest to me are also a contributing factor to who I am today. 
The Motivator
This doesn't have to be a production, but you can still have great momentos from it. 
REACH OUT 
Back to top
home about contact PACKAGES GALLERIES ©KELLY MILLER STUDIoS 2026. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | TERMS & CONDITIONS | PRIVACY POLICY 
Send Inquiry Instagram email pinterest Navigate 
 Connect 
Kelly Miller Studios
Documentary digital and film photographer crafting candid images that feel effortless. Super 8 wedding filmmaker, nostalgia through motion. Colorado & California based, serving destination celebrations.