Wedding Photography 
blog home about CONTACT ME POrtfolio SERVICES 
blog home about ELOPEMENTS & INTIMATE WEDDINGS BOUDOIR SUPER 8 & VIDEOGRAPHY PORTRAITS & ENGAGEMENTS Wedding PHOTOGRAPHY 
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT Kelly Miller Studios
CONTACT ME PORTFOLIO SERVICES blog Home ABOUT 
Boudoir Portraits
 Elopement photography Videography
 Wedding Photography
Wedding Photography
Some of the most special moments in life captured with a candid approach. Inclusive and all about documenting your day however you'd like to spend it. 
Moments from the mountains to the coasts, and from cityscapes to campgrounds.
Your day is an intentional celebration full of details that unite the important people and things in your lives —
Here for the in-between moments, the ones that build up to your wedding day, and the ones that may feel lesser noticed. Whether you're embracing the un-traditional or taking a unique approach to your wedding, it deserves to be commemorated in an intentional manner.
Creating an experience that allows you two to live out the excitement of the moment is so important to me. Balancing creativity and documentation, all while prioritizing your personal comfort while having your photos taken. 
Multi Day Weddings
have crafted an experiential or culturally impactful wedding stretching across multiple days. For the couple that wants photo + video coverage . Designed to capture your full story and the activities and adventures that take part. 
RANGING FROM $12K+
includes
+ Second Photographer
+ Coverage of activities, rehearsal, or send-offs with custom timeline for your events. 
+ Super 8 Video Highlights Film
+ All travel included. 
+ 2 Days of Coverage (or more)
+ Digital & Film Photo Documentation
+ Online Downloadable Gallery
+ Engagement Session
+ Sneaks Peeks within 48 Hours
+ Planning call
For The Ones Who...
INQUIRE 
Day of Wedding Coverage
want to embrace the moments on the day of their wedding with detail and care to you and your guests experiences. 
Packages RANGING FROM $5500-$12K 
AVerage investment for a 8hr wedding is $8K 
OPTIONS
+ 6 Hours to Full Day Coverage
+ Digital & Film Photography Documentation
+ Online Downloadable Gallery
+ Sneak Peeks within 48 Hours
+ Planning call
+ Second Photographer 
For The Ones Who...
BOOK NOW 
Inquire for a quote based on your event, hourly options available for a custom quote. 
tell me what it is 
 Is there something else in your vision?
HOW ABOUT VIDEO 
05 | What are the bookings steps?
01 | Do you travel?
02 | What does turnaround look like?
03 | how is payment made?
04 | Why you?
Frequently Asked Questions
01 | Do you travel?
Yes, I'm documenting destination weddings and elopements throughout the year. Although I'm based in the mountain west, I'm experienced in many destinations across the United States and internationally. Inquire about my travel schedule if you'd like to take advantage of local rates. 
02 | What does turnaround look like?
Depending on your session type (portraits or events) the turn-around will vary. I include a 48 hour sneak peek for all weddings and events, and you full gallery or videos in up to ten weeks following that. Portrait sessions have between a two and four week turnaround. Video turnaround is 8-10 weeks. 
03 | How is payment made?
Portrait sessions required a 50% retainer to confirm your session, while weddings and events have a variable retainer based on package. I offer a payment plan option and payment is handled through a secure portal online when you sign your booking contract. 
04 | Why you?
I truly enjoy capturing a little bit of your story and getting to know each client that I work with. Experience and care is at the forefront of my journey with each client and I hope that you feel that when I document these moments for you.
05 | What are the booking steps?
After submitting an inquiry, I like to set up a consult call, or take time to chat via email/text. If you decide to move forward in booking you'll receive a document with a contract and invoice. I want this process to be seamless for you, so please reach out if there's anything that I can do to modify this in a way that works best for you. 
Excited to meet you 
(and capture your day)
Let's connect 
Back to top
home about contact PACKAGES GALLERIES ©KELLY MILLER STUDIoS 2026. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | TERMS & CONDITIONS | PRIVACY POLICY 
Send Inquiry Instagram email pinterest Navigate 
 Connect 
Kelly Miller Studios
Documentary digital and film photographer crafting candid images that feel effortless. Super 8 wedding filmmaker, nostalgia through motion. Colorado & California based, serving destination celebrations.