About Your Denver Boudoir Photographer 
Skip to content 
About Expand 
About Your Photographer 
Portfolio (NSFW) 
Backgrounds (NSFW) 
FAQs 
Reviews 
Photoshoots Expand 
Boudoir Photoshoots 
All Photoshoots 
Resources Expand 
Blog &#038; Healing Resources 
QUIZ: Find Your Boudoir Style 
QUIZ: Find Your Lingerie Style 
The Body Deck 
Contact Expand 
Contact 
Call Us At: 720-600-4581 
Email Us At: inquiries@ embodiedartboudoir.com 
Get Started 
Menu 
 Toggle Menu 
My boudoir studio is unlike anything you’ll find in Denver (or anywhere else) 
Hey, I’m Gabby
Through the lens of my camera, you see proof your inner critic is wrong . 
In this space, recovering people-pleasing women & femmes finally get to put themselves at the center &#8211; to take space, soften, and reconnect with themselves &#8211; all wrapped up in a deeply personal, unexpectedly fun, transformational experience. 
At Embodied Art Boudoir, we’re reinventing the typical boudoir shoot
Insecurity, self-doubt, the inability to see our own beauty – these harmful patterns have been shoved on people of all shapes, sizes, and genders almost from birth.
You didn’t wake up one day and decide to be hard on yourself. You were taught to question your body, your beauty, your worth. But I have good news for you…it doesn’t have to be this way!
Most boudoir photography is about creating sexy photos and often feels reserved for those few women who fit the stereotypical, Western mold of “sexy.”
Well, I call bullshit. 
Because when we shrink beauty down to one narrow definition, we lose access to our own. 
At Embodied Art Boudoir, we don’t celebrate just one type of beauty – we celebrate how beauty comes in infinite forms. We’re surrounded by a delightfully diverse collection of stories, bodies, and people who make up our world.Whether you’re small or large, smooth or scarred, light or dark, young or old ( ok at least 18 ) – you will be celebrated here. You will see yourself in a way that feels real, powerful, and undeniable. 
How we do things differently around here
Embodiment Meditation
Get out of your head and into your body with meditation &#8211; so you can quiet the inner critic that’s been running the show, and finally feel at home in your body.
Intention Setting
Your intention turns this experience into something that actually matters to you. Not just how you look, but how you feel & who you’re becoming.
Fully Guided
I keep it fun, hype you up, and coach you through everything &#8211; so you don’t have to perform, pose perfectly, or “get it right.” You just get to be , and I’ll guide the rest.
Body Image Healing
Reflect & grow through supporting resources so you’re not walking into this experience trying to “fix” yourself, but learning how to see yourself differently. 
THE ART OF THE PHOTOSHOOT WITH GABBY
Don’t mind me squealing over every. single. one. of your gorgeous images
Early on as a photographer, I learned my vibe is my superpower. 
My infectious energy will help you feel something you have maybe never felt before – thrilled, shocked, maybe even emotional, because you’ve never seen yourself this way before. 
Because sometimes we need someone who can hold up a mirror and show us what we’ve been unable to see. The beauty we’ve been denying ourselves. 
I cannot fake this. I’m not able to fake how I feel and express myself. My slightly unhinged delight is 100% authentic – so you can trust when I’m doing my little happy dance during your photoshoot, it’s completely genuine. 
I’ve never even faked an orgasm for a sexual partner – I’m not going to fake excitement for a client #sorrynotsorry #notfaking
How I do boudoir differently (in the words of my clients)
How I became a boudoir photographer
What would we do without our friends? It was only at the (repeated) urging of a good friend that led me to photograph my first boudoir photoshoot.
Instantly, I knew this was my path. I could see the beauty of this portrait genre &#8211; the intimacy, the potential for powerful self transformation, the celebration of the human form.
And I saw what I wanted to change about the industry &#8211; the bland posing & blank stares, the lack of diversity (in skin, age, shape/size, etc), and the ways the industry dis empowers women.
But more than anything, I saw the potential to help women change the way they see themselves .
This is why your boudoir images are going to be so good
Whenever I’m at a bridal fair or other big event, I inevitably get people approaching my booth, commenting how my images just look different from other boudoir photography they’d seen before.
My background in yoga, movement, and personal growth means I don’t just pose your body, I guide your energy, expression, and presence. And my emotive coaching doesn’t just help you “look good,” it helps you feel something real in your body, which is what makes the images come alive .
At Embodied Art Boudoir, I help you:
Get out of your head and back into your body
Feel instead of overthinking
Express parts of yourself you’ve been holding back
See yourself with compassion instead of criticism
Take up space without apology
Walk away with proof of your confidence, not just a fleeting high
You are different from anybody else – your images should be different too! Whether you’re feeling more shy, sassy, sexy, or silly, I will create images that reflect your unique personality.
If you’re looking for a boudoir experience that helps you feel safe, guided, and fully seen…and leaves you with real, tangible proof of your beauty and power &#8211; you’re in the right place .
Get Started Here 
A Peek Into My Past
I&#8217;ve been featured in Shoutout Magazine , CanvasRebel , and Voyage Denver 
More of a listener? Check out my podcast interviews on the High Vibe Mindset Podcast , the FemmeCast , and Welcome to the Other Side 
Boudoir photography is just one of the tools I use 
to help you reconnect with your body, quiet your inner critic, and see yourself differently.
I&#8217;m not just a boudoir photographer &#8211; I&#8217;m a yogi, an artist, a personal growth nerd, a crafter, a skier, a hiker, a friend, a partner, and more! Get to know me (and yourself!) better with my weekly email newsletter. You&#8217;ll find inspiring content, boudoir photography celebrating diverse bodies, affirmations, and fun personal updates.
Join the Self Love Club for Weekly Good Vibes
First Name * 
Email * 
Submit 
Feel like browsing? Check out some of my favorite blog posts below&#8230; 
Gratitude & Body Image
We&#8217;ve all heard about body positivity. But do you know how empowering body neutrality can be?
Read More 
Personality-Filled Photos
Learn more about the Stripped Down methodology I use to bring your images to life.
Read More 
Mindfulness & Confidence
My secret sauce for a big confidence boost? Mindfulness! Learn how & why here. 
Read More 
Body-Positive Denver Boudoir Photography 
STUDIO LOCATION
 Golden, Colorado
By Appointment Only
CONTACT
 (720) 600-4581 
 inquiries@embodiedartboudoir.com 
Facebook 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
&copy; 2026 Gabby Jockers Photography LLC dba Embodied Art Boudoir
Home 
Blog 
Privacy Policy 
Terms and Conditions 
Scroll to top 
Scroll to top 
About 
About Your Photographer 
Portfolio (NSFW) 
Backgrounds (NSFW) 
FAQs 
Reviews 
Photoshoots 
Boudoir Photoshoots 
All Photoshoots 
Resources 
Blog &#038; Healing Resources 
QUIZ: Find Your Boudoir Style 
QUIZ: Find Your Lingerie Style 
The Body Deck 
Contact 
Contact 
Call Us At: 720-600-4581 
Email Us At: inquiries@ embodiedartboudoir.com