Denver Boudoir FAQs 
Skip to content 
About Expand 
About Your Photographer 
Portfolio (NSFW) 
Backgrounds (NSFW) 
FAQs 
Reviews 
Photoshoots Expand 
Boudoir Photoshoots 
All Photoshoots 
Resources Expand 
Blog &#038; Healing Resources 
QUIZ: Find Your Boudoir Style 
QUIZ: Find Your Lingerie Style 
The Body Deck 
Contact Expand 
Contact 
Call Us At: 720-600-4581 
Email Us At: inquiries@ embodiedartboudoir.com 
Get Started 
Menu 
 Toggle Menu 
Denver Boudoir FAQs
Nothing is more important than you feeling comfortable, safe, and relaxed for your session.
In these boudoir FAQs, I answer some typical questions about boudoir photography, your photoshoot, what to expect, and how to prepare for this transformational experience!
Have a question not answered here? Send it over!
Denver Boudoir 
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I bring my own outfits? Will you help me figure out what to bring? 
Yes and yes! You’ll bring at least 3 outfits , though I recommend bringing a couple extra just-in-case items like nude or black thongs if you have them. 
After you book, I’ll send you the Boudoir Style & Prep guide which has tons of guidance on how to choose your outfits and where to shop for lingerie (online and in the Denver area).
Do you include hair & makeup? 
Yes, a professional hair & makeup artist will be provided so you don’t have to worry about it! 
Your artist will be able to style any hair or skin type. They can style naturally curly hair, straight hair, thin hair, thick hair, Black hair, Asian hair, and more. 
Please note, you will receive a dry style using heat tools like curling irons, straightening irons, etc. We do not have time for complex styles like updos, braids, twists, etc.
Your makeup includes lashes if you desire, and the look will be customized to your preferences. Many of my clients prefer a “natural glam” makeup look that’s not too heavy or dramatic, but we can bring the drama if that makes you happiest!
Where is the studio? 
Centrally-located studio without the hassle of parking in downtown Denver! Free, covered parking onsite. 
The studio is in Golden, right off Route 6 in Golden, by Green Mountain, the Jeffco Fairgrounds, and the Colorado Mills Mall, offering lots of lunch options for your Boudoir Day. 
Within 30 minutes of Denver, Lakewood, Wheat Ridge, Arvada, South Boulder, and more. Within 1.5 hrs of Fort Collins, Colorado Springs, and Silverthorne/Dillon/Breckenridge. 
Is there parking? 
Yes, there is free, covered parking onsite.
Will there be any men at my photoshoot? Is the photographer a woman? 
No, the only staff are the photographer (Gabby , she/hers) and the professional hair & makeup artist, who is always going to be a woman.
I’m nervous. 
I know. That’s ok. You’re stepping out of your comfort zone and taking a huge, courageous step forward on your self-love & body-love journey. 
It’s normal to feel nervous before your photoshoot!
I’ve crafted a boudoir day experience that eases you in, so you have time to settle in and relax before the camera shows up. With pampering hair & makeup, a connecting chat, and a grounding guided meditation before your photoshoot &#8211; you will feel SO much more comfortable, confident, and relaxed than you can imagine!
What if I can’t make a sexy face or don’t know how to pose? Do I need to find inspiration poses? 
Girl I gotchu. Posing, including your facial expressions, is 100% my job. You don’t have to worry about anything! You get to enjoy the experience while I’m working to craft your images that not only make your butt look great, but also show off the beautiful sides of your personality.
What if I’m not flexible? 
Not a problem! I customize the posing to suit your body. You might be sore afterwards, but you shouldn’t hurt!
Do I need modeling experience to do a boudoir shoot? 
Not at all! In face, many of my clients have never done any kind of professional photoshoot before. I take care of 100% of the posing, both your body and your facial expression!
How much does it cost? 
The Embodied Art Experience is $2900 (sales tax not included).
This is an all-inclusive experience designed to guide you through a full day of intention, embodiment, and artistic expression. Your experience includes:
• Professional hair and makeup
• Preparation guides and support leading up to your session
• A fully guided photoshoot with coaching throughout
• Access to studio sets and wardrobe guidance
• Same-day image reveal
• A luxury 8&#215;8 custom album with 20 images 
Many clients fall in love with more than 20 images, and you’ll always have the option to upgrade your album, add digital images, or choose wall art.
To make the experience more accessible, zero-interest installment plans are available , allowing many clients to spread the investment out over several months.
If you’d like to talk through the experience and see whether it feels aligned for you, you can reach out here .
Do you offer payment plans? 
Yes. Many clients choose to use a zero-interest installment plan to make the experience feel more supportive for their budget, and they tell me the installment plan made it possible to finally say yes to themselves. 
Once you secure your session date with a deposit, the remaining balance can be split into monthly or biweekly payments leading up to your session . Because many sessions are scheduled months in advance, this often makes the investment feel much more manageable.
There are no additional fees or interest when using the in-house payment plan.
If you decide to add additional artwork or images after your session, those can also be paid for using installment options such as Affirm or Square Pay-in-4 .
Can my friend/sister/mom/partner come to my photoshoot? 
Unfortunately not. Your boudoir experience is all about YOU. And with someone else present, it’s very easy for you to start focusing on them. Are they comfortable, are they bored, what do they think? 
Having someone else in the room, even someone you trust & love, creates an environment where you start feeling like you’re on stage, performing. It makes it a lot harder for you to drop into your body and have your experience. 
However, I love the idea of a reveal get-together where you make a fun event out of sharing your album with your friends/sister/mom/partner!
Do boudoir photos make a good gift? 
Boudoir photos, like albums, make an amazing gift!! Many of my clients come to me to create an album they can gift their partner for a wedding , anniversary, birthday, or holiday like Christmas or Valentines Day. 
PLUS &#8211; the experience itself is a massive gift to yourself. The experience of getting embodied, getting connected to your body & heart &#8211; then creating art with your body &#8211; that experience can be the perfect affirmation you need to get to the next step of your self-love journey .
What if my partner doesn’t like my photos? 
Most of my clients’ partners lose their minds when they see the photos!
However, if your partner has never once asked you for sexy photos before, and is not a very visual person, they might not have such a strong reaction. That’s totally normal, and that doesn’t mean that they don’t love you, or that you aren’t as beautiful, sexy, and confident as you felt during your photoshoot. 
At the end of the day, your opinion about your photos, your body, and yourself is the one that matters most. You might find, after this experience, such a strong inner foundation of confidence that you won’t even care what your partner thinks. 
Anyways, even if your partner isn’t the type to get turned on by sexy photos, they will love seeing you happy, confident, and comfortable in your own skin!
What if I don&#8217;t like my photos? 
This is an excellent question! First off, I just want to say I don&#8217;t guarantee you will love every image I show you. That&#8217;s simply not something I have the power to promise. In fact, I tell my clients you probably won&#8217;t like every image I show you. I don&#8217;t pose to shrink you, &#8220;hide&#8221; all your &#8220;flaws,&#8221; and edit you to have a different body. I pose to highlight your beauty, inside & out!
Second, a boudoir photoshoot is not a magic solution to body dysmorphia and poor body image. I don&#8217;t know where you stand in your body image journey and self-relationship. 
What I can tell you is that through this process, I&#8217;ll help you uncover where you stand, body image wise, right now. I&#8217;ll help you create your intention for how you want this experience to serve you, what the next level of self love looks like for you . I&#8217;ll hold that intention with you, customize the shoot to support your intention, and remind you of your intention during your Viewing Session.
And just in case this makes you feel more comfortable &#8211; I&#8217;ve never had a client who hasn&#8217;t liked any of their photos! In fact, most of my clients wished they could take home even more photos than they pre-paid for. 
Interested in making the most of this experience? Check out this Ted Talk from one of my mentors, Teri Hofford &#8211; 5 reasons you look bad in photos . 
Can I get just the digitals? 
The Embodied Art Experience includes a luxury album with 20 images , because I believe your artwork deserves to exist in the physical world — not just on a hard drive.
There’s something powerful about being able to hold your story in your hands or see it displayed in your space. Many clients tell me their album becomes a reminder they return to again and again.
That said, I know everyone connects with their artwork differently. If you truly prefer a digital-only option, the album can be swapped for the same number of digital images .
Many clients also choose to add additional digital images or wall art after their session if they fall in love with more of their photographs.
Should I get a spray tan before my photoshoot? 
Please, don’t! The camera picks up on streakiness that isn’t very visible to the human eye. Don’t worry if you’re pale, my sets all use very flattering lighting!
Is there alcohol provided? Should I have a drink to relax my nerves? 
Please don’t! I get the desire to take the edge off, but I promise you won’t need it. The hair & makeup, pre-session chat, and guided meditation will do the heavy lifting to get you feeling comfortable and confident in front of the camera. 
Plus, there’s no Photoshopping “tipsy” out of your photos &#8211; it really shows in the eyes!
Have a quick question not answered here?
Send it over!
Name * 
Email * 
Question * 
Submit 
Testimonials
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
“Laughed so hard and never felt so confident while naked as well! ”
~N
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
“She makes you feel like a real goddess and it shows in the photos. To me, this should be an activity every person should do in their lives.”
~Jess
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
“The photos Gabby took were astonishing. They&#8217;ve definitely helped me to see my body differently.”
~Angela
See More Reviews on Google 
Let&#8217;s Connect
Have all your questions answered on your Embodied Vision Call. I want you to feel confident about your decision before you book!
Schedule Your Embodied Vision Call 
Body-Positive Denver Boudoir Photography 
STUDIO LOCATION
 Golden, Colorado
By Appointment Only
CONTACT
 (720) 600-4581 
 inquiries@embodiedartboudoir.com 
Facebook 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
&copy; 2026 Gabby Jockers Photography LLC dba Embodied Art Boudoir
Home 
Blog 
Privacy Policy 
Terms and Conditions 
Scroll to top 
Scroll to top 
About 
About Your Photographer 
Portfolio (NSFW) 
Backgrounds (NSFW) 
FAQs 
Reviews 
Photoshoots 
Boudoir Photoshoots 
All Photoshoots 
Resources 
Blog &#038; Healing Resources 
QUIZ: Find Your Boudoir Style 
QUIZ: Find Your Lingerie Style 
The Body Deck 
Contact 
Contact 
Call Us At: 720-600-4581 
Email Us At: inquiries@ embodiedartboudoir.com