Ski Proposals in Colorado and Breckenridge 
blog contact portfolio services about home menu
CAPTURING the PEOPLE YOU LOVE 
in a PLACE YOU LOVE
Breckenridge Portrait Photographers
We're quick and thorough with our responses. And organized and detail-oriented with your plans. We'll coordinate and finalize schedules, locations, and details prior to your session. 
The Details and Plan
04.
To lock in your date, we require a 50% deposit and a signed contract. If we’re a good fit and you're ready to move forward, we'll send everything over and make this official. A 50% deposit is required to secure your date. 
Secure your date
03.
While we do require a minimum one hour session, we don’t base our pricing on the number of hours we'll be with you or how many people we'll be photographing. Instead, we base it on what you need & how we can best serve you. And we'll guide you through the booking process— making things as easy as possible on you.​​​​​​​
Choose your package
02.
We'll start with a complimentary discovery call. Tell us what you're looking for in a photographer, and share your travel plans! 
Ready to book and want to skip ahead? Click the link below and let us know you're ready to book! 
Inquire and Chat
01.
I'm ready. Let's do this. 
AN EFFORTLESS EXPERIENCE
THAT EMBRACES THE SPIRIT OF BRECKENRIDGE
Whether you're pre-planning your session from home or having your photos taken is a last-minute addition to your trip,
your time is limited. 
So we make the most of it. 
Starting Now
click here to get started
Bringing the family together for the first time - in a long time? Or time to update your family photos? What better time than now? And what better place than the epic backdrop of Breckenridge?
Family
Here are the options:
Engaged or celebrating an anniversary? Our couples, engagement, and anniversary sessions are perfect for intimate photos of the two of you in this epic location.
couples
Ready to pop the question? We offer expert advice on the best location and time of day to propose. And provide priceless photos to remember and share this moment.
Proposal
Dreaming of heli skiing, hiking or snowshoe session? These are just a few of the sessions we do. Bring us along to capture your epic adventure. No adventure is too big. 
adventure
*All engagement or proposal sessions are applicable towards a full wedding package anywhere in the world with our sister company. 
INQUIRE NOW
 JOIN US IN BRECK
INQUIRE NOW
 JOIN US IN BRECK
INQUIRE NOW
 Ready to get started?
 packages start at 895 midweek
 Click here to view our packages
 Customizations available upon request.
BRECKENRIDGE PHOTOGRAPHERS
 welcome to
Base: 9,603 feet
2,927 meters | Summit: 12,998 feet
FIND OUT MORE
Instagram
follow us on
@breckenridgephotographers
all photos copyright breckenridge photographers a subsidiary of sarah roshan collective
follow us
CAPTURING the PEOPLE YOU LOVE 
in a PLACE YOU LOVE
book now blog contact portfolio services about home menu