Breckenridge Family Photos 
blog contact portfolio services about home menu
about
We are a team of mountain-loving, adventure-seeking local photographers who live and breathe everything Breckenridge has to offer
That's why we live here, after all.
And it's why we enjoy helping you capture
your experience while creating life-long memories.
THE PLACE WE LIVE & LOVE
welcome to
+ ADVANCED PLANNING
Epic portraits (without an epic all-day photoshoot ​​​​​​) don't just happen. Instead, they require planning, professional direction, and time. 
You won't spend your entire day taking photos. Because we help you prepare by scheduling and coordinating all the details ahead of time. Your session will be quick and efficient so you can move on to the other- more exciting- parts of your trip! 
Here are just a few of the ways we do that:
+ LOCATION SCOUTING
Maybe you need recommendations and perhaps a permit for the perfect location! Or you just realized the scenic spot you envisioned means Grandma will have to trek up a mountain. We’ve got you covered! We've most likely photographed a place ideally suited for her {that still gets those Rocky Mountain peaks in the background!}​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ As locals, we know Breckenridge like the back of our hands. We'll guide you to stunning locations. And we’ll share helpful advice and recommendations. That only a true local expert would know.
Photographing outdoors is our specialty. Because for us, there is no greater experience than that of the outdoors. But, as beautiful as she is, Mother Nature can be pretty unpredictable! Fortunately, we're familiar with the ever-changing Colorado weather and keep a sharp eye on things for you. We'll happily provide alternate locations if need be. And we're always ready with wardrobe tips and suggestions that fit the conditions! From start to finish, you'll feel in the know and confident—no matter what the weather brings
+SEASONAL ADVICE
+LAID-BACK DIRECTION
Having your photo taken can always feel a bit stressful and uncomfortable. Add various stressors, family dynamics, and hiccups to your plans, and those nervous jitters are bound to intensify. With the perfect balance of laid-back energy, encouraging support, and gentle guidance, you won't feel the pressure to look or be perfect. Instead, you'll know where to look and what to do with your hands, and you'll feel free to laugh and enjoy these moments together—which results in you looking and feeling your very best!
Over the past 11 years, our team has mastered the art of capturing natural light and true colors. We know how to expertly capture an image that highlights both you and the beautiful outdoor location you're in. And every photographer on our team was handpicked based on this same style and approach. Finally, because all of our photos are edited in-house—your images will be natural, beautiful, and similar to what you see here—no matter who you are working with from our team. 
+Natural Style
25
average days on the mountain
500+
Combined number of years of experience
40+
by the numbers
number of sessions we've photographed
average days of colorado sunshine
300+
YOUR AMAZING ADVENTURE AWAITS
Inquire now
CLICK HERE AND let's get started. 
BRECKENRIDGE PHOTOGRAPHERS
 welcome to
Base: 9,603 feet
2,927 meters | Summit: 12,998 feet
FIND OUT MORE
all photos copyright breckenridge photographers a subsidiary of sarah roshan collective
follow us
CAPTURING the PEOPLE YOU LOVE 
in a PLACE YOU LOVE
book now blog contact portfolio services about home menu