Colorado Wedding & Engagement Photographer, Jennifer Garza Photography 
HOME 
ABOUT 
BLOG 
SENIORS 
INVESTMENT 
CONTACT 
CLIENT GALLERIES 
Search 
Jennifer Garza Photography is a Colorado Wedding Photographer who specializes in Engagements and Weddings! 
Featured Colorado Weddings & Engagement Sessions 
〰 
Morgan &#038; Kelly&#8217;s 
 Summer Wedding at The Ranch Country Club 
Anne &#038; Josh&#8217;s 
 Rocky Mountain National Park Summer Elopement 
Jenni &#038; Mike&#8217;s 
 Loveland Pass Summer Elopement 
Jennifer &#038; Theo’s 
 Summer Engagement Session at The Denver Botanic Gardens 
Lauren &#038; Taylor’s 
 Fall Engagement Session at Lost Gulch Overlook &#038; Chautauqua Park 
Kelli &#038; Jason’s 
 Engagement Session at Sweet Cow Ice Cream &#038; Davidson Mesa 
Portfolio 
Colorado Wedding Photography 
Nothing is more magical than a bride and groom beginning their journey through marriage. 
Colorado Engagement Photography 
Let's spend time doing something you love. Like going bowling, grabbing a drink at a local brewery, or hanging with your "fur babies." This is not your typical engagement session. 
Colorado Family Photography 
Make sure you don’t forget those precious family moments by scheduling a family session. 
Colorado Senior Photography 
It's an important milestone in any young person's life. Schedule your Colorado senior photography session today. 
Learn More 
Client Love 
〰 
Jennifer is just the best. Her work ethic speaks for itself and the quality of her photos just amazes me. Our wedding photos were stunning. She takes pride in what she does and loves making the best memories for people. We couldn’t of had a better photographer than Jen and we thank her so much for just the best experience and wonderful memories!! 
Mikala & Grant 
Jennifer was a dream to work with. She's very thorough and accommodating and came up with shots we wouldn't have thought of ourselves. 
Latrice & Drew 
Jennifer was AMAZING!!! I’m so grateful for everything she did for us, her patience, her understanding with our frustrations, excitement, and help with anything and everything! Our wedding was AMAZING & PERFECT because of her. 
Briana & Kevin 
About Jennifer Garza Photography 
Hi, I'm Jennifer, the creative force behind Jennifer Garza Photography based in Denver, Colorado. Since 2014, I have been documenting Colorado weddings by bringing a unique, bold, and creative style to my images. I work primarily throughout Colorado and the Rocky Mountains but I do love to travel throughout the U.S. and the world. My goal is simple. That is to tell your story by focusing on what makes you, YOU! Whether that be your obsession with Game of Thrones, your love for craft beer, or hiking one of Colorado’s many trailheads. I want to be there to capture it all. I get the greatest joy when, by the end of their session, my clients tell me that they had a great time and it was a lot of fun. Those fun feelings reflect through to your photos and you will always look your best when you’re truly having a good time. 
Learn More 
🚨 FRAUD / SCAM ALERT!! 🚨
It appears that someone 
2025 was… a strange one.
Beautiful and heavy all a 
🚨PERSONAL POST AHEAD: 🚨
✨ I never imagined this d 
✨ It’s wedding day for Camryn & Benji! ✨
A few mo 
Hi, I’m back. 👋
It’s been a minute—since January 
❄️ And just like that, my 2024 wedding season come 
Grateful to have picked up yet another 2 awards fr 
Amanda & Jonathan's snowy wedding day in Estes Par 
Thrilled and grateful to have picked up six new Sp 
🍂✨ Sara & William's wedding day was an absolute dr 
Now Booking 2026 Weddings & Elopements! 
Email Me Phone/Text: 720-432-8515 
Based in Denver, Colorado Available Worldwide 
Jennifer Garza is a wedding, engagement, & portrait photographer serving Colorado cities including Denver, Evergreen, Boulder, Fort Collins, Colorado Springs, and Colorado Mountain Towns such as Vail, Breckenridge, Silverthorne, Steamboat Springs, Telluride, & Aspen. 
&copy; 2026 Jennifer Garza Photography. All rights reserved
Privacy Preference Center
Privacy Preferences