Colorado Engagement & Wedding Photographer | About Jennifer Garza Photography 
HOME 
ABOUT 
BLOG 
SENIORS 
INVESTMENT 
CONTACT 
CLIENT GALLERIES 
Search 
About Jennifer Garza Photography 
 Colorado Engagement & Wedding Photographer
Who I Am 
Hi, I&#8217;m Jennifer, the creative force behind Jennifer Garza Photography based in Denver, Colorado. Since 2014, I have been documenting Colorado weddings by bringing a unique, bold, and creative style to my images. I work primarily throughout Colorado and the Rocky Mountains but I do love to travel throughout the U.S. and the world.
I picked up my first real camera about 20 years ago when I took my first photography class in high school. Back then, digital cameras were not the mainstream and I used an old Olympus film camera that my parent&#8217;s found at a garage sale. I learned to roll my own film canisters, develop film and make my own prints in a dark room. My best friend and I decided to take our own senior photos and I was so proud of that picture that was printed in the year book.
When I&#8217;m not stuck at a computer or taking photos with some amazing clients, you can usually find me on the golf course with my husband, hanging out on the couch catching up on some favorite TV shows, or going for long walks with my dogs.
My Photography Philosophy 
Creative, Unique, Emotional and Bold. I want my couple’s to not be afraid of incorporating their passions, hobbies, and personal style into their wedding day. I help you do this by working with you to create something unique to you and your partner. You also want to have an epic party with your favorite people and you want your wedding photos to reflect that. 
My Photography Style 
My particular photography style is a combination of classic imagery with a huge emphasis on photo journalism. I love to use creative lighting, unique perspectives, various angles, and bold colors to showcase my client’s personalities while telling the story of their wedding day. 
My Goal 
My goal is simple. That is to tell your story by focusing on what makes you, YOU! Whether that be your obsession with Game of Thrones, your love for craft beer, or hiking one of Colorado&#8217;s many trailheads. I want to be there to capture it all. I get the greatest joy when, by the end of their session, my clients tell me that they had a great time and it was a lot of fun. Those fun feelings reflect through to your photos and you will always look your best when you&#8217;re truly having a good time.
Get In Touch 
Things I Love 
1. My Family (my husband Dustin, my 2 boys Manny & Devan, and 2 dogs named Yuki & Dexter plus the many nieces and nephews that we have)
2. Traveling to New Places
3. HGTV or anything to do with design
4. Listening to Podcasts
5. Disney Movies
6. Being Outdoors (hiking, skiing, golf, cycling)
Some Fun Facts 
1. I&#8217;m a Colorado Native.
2. I used to work at the 50&#8217;s Prime Time Café located in the Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World . It&#8217;s one of the few companies that I would definitely go back to if I could and I would love to be a Disney Wedding Photographer.
3. I once rode a bike 200 miles starting in Seattle, WA and finishing in Portland, OR.
4. I love playing golf and play in a women&#8217;s golf league every year.
5. I love going to baseball games in the summer and try to go a ball game or ball park every time we visit a new city. So far I’ve seen the Colorado Rockies at Coors Field (duh!), Arizona Diamondbacks at Chase Field, Seattle Mariners at T-Mobile Park, Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, and the San Francisco Giants at Oracle Park.
Check Me Out On... 
Featured On... 
They Really Really Like Me! &lt;3 
I first met Jennifer during a Bridal show a year before our big day. We met with her and she really tries to get to know you and your significant other. It down-poured on our wedding day and Jennifer and her partner endured the rain. And the pictures still turned out absolutely gorgeous. From beginning to end they did not miss a single moment. I highly recommend Jennifer to anyone who needs a photographer! She is the best!
- Tania & Chris 
I have the lovely photos Jen took all over our home! She's amazing about special requests and trekked all over the park for extra special shots. She even helped put us in touch with a new officiant when I was cancelled on a week before the wedding. I can literally say that my wedding would not have happened without her!
- Rachael & Wesley 
Great, amazing, creative work but she also allows your ideas to be part of the process if you want. We loved the finished product! Jen is the best of the best!
- Kyley & Brian 
Now Booking 2026 Weddings & Elopements! 
Email Me Phone/Text: 720-432-8515 
Based in Denver, Colorado Available Worldwide 
Jennifer Garza is a wedding, engagement, & portrait photographer serving Colorado cities including Denver, Evergreen, Boulder, Fort Collins, Colorado Springs, and Colorado Mountain Towns such as Vail, Breckenridge, Silverthorne, Steamboat Springs, Telluride, & Aspen. 
&copy; 2026 Jennifer Garza Photography. All rights reserved
Privacy Preference Center
Privacy Preferences