About Me - Wedding Videographer & Photographer Skip to content 
Francis Sylvest
HOME 
 ABOUT 
 FILMS 
 PHOTOGRAPHS 
 INFORMATION 
 CONTACT 
Francis Sylvest
Toggle Menu 
Francis
Austin Francis Sylvest is a destination wedding cinematographer , filmmaker and photographer based in Colorado by way of New Orleans, Louisiana . His images and films evoke those warm, lived moments. Yet, they also capture his subjects in a way that best demonstrates his journalistic background and personal love of analog photography and cinema. With over ten years of professional experience, Austin photographs wedding celebrations that include large multi-day events to elopements across the globe, with an emphasis in Colorado , New York City , Brooklyn , Iceland , and New Orleans . His work garners a true to life, yet poetic take on the world that surrounds us.
Sylvest
Artist Statement
I document laid-back couples who love discovering the beauty in the ordinary. Moments, where for a sliver of time, the right light would breathe life into the ordinary, the mundane. Something as simple as a plant cascading over a table, veins and new leaflets exposed in the sun, or capturing a photo of loved ones exchanging laughter and the subtle clasping of their hands together that signifies their connection.
We overlook these insignificant moments every day. But the truth is, they become the triumphs of our journeys, substantial moments overshadowed in the business of life. It’s not until we cut through the noise do we expose the work of art that’s been there all along. This work of art is within you, and I want to help you bring it to light.
Cinema, art, music. All of these mediums shape the way I view film. But, sculpture best captures my approach.
I think of my photographs and films as a work of art unveiled from a single block of stone, your story already exists. It’s just a matter of trimming away the excess and getting to the core of what brought you both together.
The goa l isn’t to create a false narrative or portray you in a way that misrepresents you. Instead, I want to understand your journey so I can capture the intricate details that no one else sees and bring them to the surface through photographs and cinema. Those moments of shadows, lights, and everything in between, those details already exist. They are yours, and they give life to your masterpiece.
It&#8217;s a privilege to create images and films that are meant to live far beyond our time. I want you to look back on your images and films and have those moments come rushing back to you. I want to create photographs and films that resonate with you for years to come.
Contact
You want something real. Timeless. Authentic &#8211; A work of art that&#8217;s created with a personal, art first approach. A mix of documentary, elegant and timeless images that take you back to every moment and celebrate the imperfect, the honest and real. These feelings, these images, are what I will create on your wedding day.
Wedding Photography Coverage From $6500
Wedding Videography Coverage From $7250 
Direct Contact:
&#8211; 
 Email: hello@francissylvest.com 
 Phone: +1.985.515.8671
If you don’t hear from me within 24-hours check your spam folder (as messages from accounts you don’t usually interact with can be filtered there). If you don’t see a response there, reach out to me via the mediums above and I’d love to hear from you
Your Names * 
Email * 
 Wedding Venue &#038; Location * 
 Wedding Date * 
 Event Planner (If Applicable) 
 Desired Services (Select All That Apply So I Can Give You A More Exact Quote) * Photography 
 Cinematography 
 16mm &#038; Super 8 Cinematography 
 100% Analog Coverage 
 Engagement Session (Photography Only) 
 Welcome Party / Rehearsal Coverage 
 Ceremony &#038; Speeches Video(s) 
Tell Me More &#8211; I&#8217;d Love To Hear More About What You&#8217;re Envisioning For Your Celebration. * 
 How Did You Find Me? 
 Submit 
Home 
 About 
 Films 
 Photographs 
 Shot On Film 
 Information 
 Contact 
Colorado Wedding Photographer and Videographer 
Francis Sylvest is a Colorado Based Film wedding photographer and videographer who specializes in film wedding photography and videography shot on medium format and 35mm film in  Aspen ,  Telluride ,  Vail ,  Beaver Creek , Denver ,  Boulder ,  Steamboat Springs ,  New Orleans ,  New York City , Brooklyn  &  Iceland .
Francis Sylvest 
Google Reviews   •   Instagram   •   Facebook  •  Pinterest  •  Youtube 
&copy; 2026 by Francis Sylvest
Scroll to top 
 Scroll to top 
HOME 
 ABOUT 
 FILMS 
 PHOTOGRAPHS 
 INFORMATION 
 CONTACT 
Google Reviews 
 Instagram 
 YouTube 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook