Investment - Pricing 
Blog Contact Info Portfolio Home 
Other Offerings 
Adventure/couple's session 
Starts @ $600
@JessaRaeMountainphotographer
I was born and raised in Colorado and know the mountains, especially the western part of the state: Crested Butte, Ouray, Lake City, Telluride, Silverton, etc. very well! Being in the mountains gives me life!
Your love story + beautiful scenery = an amazing day & stunning images!
I seriously get so excited for you and for the magic we create in your images. That feeling motivates me to dig right into editing your photos and sending over a sneak peek of at least 25 images within 5 days of your elopement/wedding/session! 
I'll provide many location options, work with you to determine what's right for you and personally scout out the location (and often send you pictures and videos) to make sure the conditions are perfect and that there are no surprises. Have a specific backdrop or request in mind for your dream ceremony? We will find it!
Whether you're a Colorado native couple eloping on your favorite mountain top, just the two of you and your dog, or you're planning your destination wedding in Patagonia or the Faroe Islands, I am here for it - and everything in between!
Working with me
Experience
&
Pricing
"Jessa was amazing to work with, and she took incredible photos of our elopement in Crested Butte, CO. She was responsive, thoughtful, fun, helpful and TALENTED. We weren't very familiar with the area, and Jessa was able to suggest the most beautiful locations. She also suggested we do a "first look" moment, which we had been debating about doing, and it was such a great! She also captured some moments of our pup Scout that are so special and went the extra mile for us in numerous ways. We highly suggest Jessa as a photographer for any occasion!"
 - Chelsea and Dave
"Jessa was easy to work with, quick in communications, and knew the area so well. Her photos turned out brilliant. We got back our sneak peak of photos in less than a week and were blown away by them. We’ve now received our full set of photos from the day and have so many amazing options to help us relive the day. Since it was an elopement, the quality of our pictures is all the more meaningful as it has allowed our families to get a glimpse into our wedding. We’ve heard nothing but things like “omg your photos are so beautiful!” We’ve even gotten a few “these are the best wedding photos I’ve ever seen.”
Jessa was also great given the situation. She was respectful of the intimacy of the day as an elopement and really did just let us have our moments. When we asked her to be there, she was, but she also gave us distance when we were reading vows or enjoying our first dance. She kept a distance for COVID reasons as well. We really can’t recommend her enough. We could fill a book with fantastic images of the day including some really unique shots that might as well be in magazines. Thank you Jessa for making our day incredibly special. We’re so grateful to be able to look back on it with your amazing work."
 - Dylan and Kelsey
"Jessa was great to work with and went above and beyond to make my proposal to my fiancé perfect. She was professional, responded quickly, and helped with ideas for my plan. She scouted the location on Mt Crested Butte twice before the big day and hid in the snow to keep it a surprise. Pictures turned out great also!" - Dan D.
Kind Words
Elopement/Micro Wedding
Larger Wedding 15+ guests
Adventure/Couple's Session
For just the two of you, with the option to include up to 15 people total (depending on desired location).
Full elopement planning, including location suggestions, custom timeline help, assistance with permits, and vendor recommendations.
All of the hand-edited high resolution photos from your day
delivered via a beautiful online gallery. 
Unlimited downloads
Full printing rights
Access to create art with your photos from the professional lab that I work with. 
A larger wedding with guests. Can include getting ready photos, first look, ceremony, bridal portraits, family formals, etc. 
Customizable to fit your day!
A complimentary engagement session included with all full day packages
All of the hand-edited high resolution photos from your day
delivered via a beautiful online gallery. 
Unlimited downloads
Full printing rights
Access to create art with your photos from the professional lab that I work with. 
A couple's session that doesn't involve getting married. Can be casual or fancy.
Good for anniversaries, engagements, proposals or just because!
Can be 1 hour - all day. 
Full session planning including location scouting and suggestions
A minimum of 35 (for a one hour session) hand-edited high resolution photos from your session
delivered via a beautiful online gallery. 
Unlimited downloads
Full printing rights
Access to create art with your photos from the professional lab that I work with. 
Begins at $3000
Begins at $3000
Begins at $700
Includes:
Includes:
Includes:
Fun Facts about your photographer
1. I am married and have an 8 year old daughter.
2. I have two Goldendoodles, Isla and Scout. 
3. My husband and I renovated an older 5th wheel and lived in it for 2 years. 
4. I speak Spanish and spent some time traveling around South America and even lived in the Ecuadorian Andes for a year.
5. My love for photography began when I was 5 years old with my grandma's polaroid.
Contact Me
 Contact Me
 Contact Me
See my latest work on Instagram
@jessaraemountainphotographer
 Pricing
"Three simple words: Jessa Is Amazing. We couldn’t have asked for anything more. The time she took with us, the ideas she had, and what she was able to capture. Just wow. When I proposed to Alyssa, her dream was “I just want to get married on top of a mountain”. As you can all see, we were able to do that thanks to Jessa. Crested Butte is stunning, my bride is beautiful, and we have a lifetime of memories captured in these photos." 
-Kevin and Alyssa
Click here to get started!
Jessa is incredible! 🌟
We recently travelled to elope in CB in October, and had picked out a few viewpoints for our photos ahead of time. The day of, after some previous snowfall that had melted and washed out some of the roads, we had to make some last minute adjustments.
Jessa took the time to scope out the road conditions the morning of, and came back with some suggestions for alternative locations. She absolutely nailed it, and I didn’t even care that our original plans fell through! She guided us through the mountain roads, and knew all of the best spots for photos along the way. On top of being the best guide, she took stunning photos of us, all while keeping us relaxed and comfortable on our big day. Bonus points to her for bringing her dog along with her; he kept us laughing and thinking about our own dog back home.
I couldn’t have asked for a better photographer to document our best day ever. Jessa is the best! 🤍
-Brina and Luke
More Kind Words