Colorado Elopement Photographer | Brenna Nicole Photography 
Skip to content 
HOME 
PRICING Expand 
ELOPEMENTS 
ENGAGEMENTS + COUPLES 
FAMILIES 
NEWBORNS 
PORTFOLIO 
ABOUT 
BLOG 
CONTACT 
Toggle Menu 
Colorado ELOPEMENT PHOTOGRAPHER
Photographing & Planning Experience Driven Elopements: Where Love Meets Adventure in the Great Outdoors.
SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION 
Specializing in Elopements & Couples
Based in Colorado &#8211; Available Worldwide
Not just a Photoshoot an Experience 
Imagine standing in a breathtaking place that leaves you speechless—a spot that feels both exhilarating and completely yours. A space where you can be fully present, totally at ease, and unapologetically yourselves.
An experience that fills you with energy, a sense of adventure, and a deep, undeniable connection.
A place so powerful that simply being there tells every part of you: &#8220;This matters. This isn’t just any moment. This is unforgettable.&#8221; 
Inquire Here 
Welcome to
the world of eloping
Meet your Colorado Elopement Photographer & Planner
With over 7-years in the industry I will lend you my knowledge to create an elopement that is uniquely yours. I&#8217;m here to capture the details of your elopement and help you plan the best day ever.
My goal is to offer you an unforgettable experience and be there for you every step of the way. You can count on me to be in your corner and root you on throughout the entire process. 
About Me 
Pricing 
Your Colorado Elopement Experience Could Feel Like This
&#8220;BRENNA IS THE BEST! If you have the chance to work with her, DO IT! We chose her for our adventure elopement last week and it turned out better than we could have ever dreamed. From the start, Brenna was available for every silly question, FaceTime, email, phone call, and text we had throughout the process of planning the elopement. She helped us design the details of our day from start to finish and provided a lot of options and advice on what to do and how to do it&#8230;&#8221;
&#8211; Jenn + Tanner
Colorado elopements that go beyond just Beautiful photos
I want you to chase your dreams and have an elopement that makes you feel excited! I am here to help you every step of the way. I&#8217;ll do the planning so you can do the dreaming.
CURATED LOCATION SUGGESTIONS
I&#8217;ll help you find a location for your elopement that fits your needs.
CUSTOM TIMELINE
I&#8217;ll create a timeline that fits everything you want to include in your day and optimizes the best lighting!
Vendor recommendations
Not sure who to hire for your elopement? You&#8217;ll get access to my Master List of vendors. 
Ceremony creation
I&#8217;ll give you tips on how to create the perfect elopement ceremony and write your vows.
obtaining your marriage license
The legal stuff can seem intimidating so I&#8217;ll help you navigate through it. 
50+ Page PDF planning guide
Everything you need to know about eloping and more. My exclusive guide with tips + tricks.
navigating location permitting
Locations in Colorado sometimes require permits to keep our state beautiful. I&#8217;ll help you with the process. 
outdoor activity ideas
If you want to spend your elopement doing something adventurous I&#8217;ll help you find what&#8217;s available.
CONTACT 
CONTACT 
Colorado Elopement Planning Resources
HOW TO ELOPE IN COLORADO
HOW TO ELOPE IN BRECKENRIDGE
HOW TO ELOPE IN ROCK MOUNTAIN 
HOW TO ELOPE IN TELLURIDE
CONTACT 
Featured in
What my Couples Have to say
Ready for your Best Adventure Yet?
Let&#8217;s start planning your dream elopement
CONTACT 
contact me to get started Planning your colorado elopement!
contact me to start Planning your colorado elopement!
FAQ&#8217;s
Questions about Eloping in Colorado & Hiring an Elopement Photographer
Will you help us find an elopement location? 
I help all of my clients find the perfect location for their elopement based on their needs and wants. I create a custom location guide that includes a detailed description of each location so couples can make an informed decision. 
How far in advance should we book you? 
I suggest between 1-year to 6-months. However, I have planned elopements in less than 30-days!
Can we have guests at our elopement? 
Absolutely! I recommend keeping your guest count under 10, as some locations don’t allow larger groups. Exceeding that number may require a special use permit or reserving a venue for your ceremony.
Do you photograph weddings & other types of sessions? 
Yes. I specialize in photographing elopements, weddings and couples. But I love to photograph families, maternity sessions and everything in between! 
Do you offer destination elopements? 
I have traveled all over the U.S. to photograph couples in different states. Some of my favorite elopement locations include places like: Washington, Alaska, and Wyoming. 
Do you offer planning as apart of your elopement packages? 
I offer planning as apart of my packages. I help all of my clients find the perfect location, create their timeline, suggest vendors + accommodations, navigate the marriage license process and more! If you want to learn more about what all is included in my packages feel free to reach out via my contact form and we can schedule a free consult!
Can we bring our dogs to our Colorado elopement? 
You can absolutely bring your dog to your elopement! Colorado is very dog-friendly, with plenty of locations that allow pets—and fun fact: your pup can even sign your marriage license!
will you help us with the marriage license process? 
Yes! Luckily, Colorado is one of the easiest states to get married in &#8211; the state does not require you to have an officiant or witnesses! For more info. you can check out my blog on self-solemnization. 
Brenna Nicole Photography
Colorado Elopement photographer
Facebook 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
Brenna is a Colorado elopement photographer based in Denver, Colorado and available worldwide. Brenna Nicole Photography creates bespoke elopement experience for adventurous couples that want their love story told in the great outdoors.
PRICING 
PORTFOLIO 
ABOUT 
BLOG 
CONTACT 
How To Elope in Colorado 
How To Write Your Vows 
What Does an Elopement Day Look Like? 
H ow to Tell Family & Friends You&#8217;re Eloping 
Scroll to top 
Scroll to top 
BRENNA NICOLE PHOTOGRAPHY
HOME 
PRICING Toggle child menu Expand 
ELOPEMENTS 
ENGAGEMENT + COUPLES 
FAMILIES 
NEWBORNS 
PORTFOLIO 
BLOG 
ABOUT 
Facebook 
Instagram 
CONTACT