Investment &mdash; Tayler Carlisle Photography 
Tayler Carlisle Photography 
Home
About
Portfolio
Boudoir
Lifestyle
Investment
Contact
Home About Portfolio Boudoir Lifestyle Investment Contact 
Tayler Carlisle Photography 
digital & film photography
Scroll
Investment
 Your investment into your wedding photography is a big decision. Your photographs are your visual legacy, memories you will cherish forever, last a lifetime and will be passed on through the generations of your family. After everything is said and done, your dress is cleaned & stored, your cake has been eaten, the music has stopped, your guests departed, what you have left are your memories and your photographs. As your deciding what your priorities are for your wedding photography, here a couple things to keep in mind. Your wedding photographs are forever. When hiring a photographer for your day, be sure to chose someone who’s style you love and cherish so you can relive those special moments throughout the years and generations. 
We cannot say enough good things about Tayler! She was absolutely incredible to work with, amazingly responsive and helpful from our first meeting with her!
She brings a calm but focused energy to your day and makes sure things GET DONE. We have a large blended family and she was super efficient getting through all the family photos on the day. She has an amazing eye and makes you feel so comfortable throughout the shooting process.
We could not have picked a better wedding photographer to help capture our special day! 
My Approach 
 No awkward posing here. I want to capture you two, your friends and family, just as you are and how you show up for each other. I’m here to document the genuine you, the cozy, the silly, the belly laughs, the ugly crying and everything else in between. I want to capture your details perfectly set up and perfectly enjoyed by the end of the day. 
 My goal is for everything to unfold as naturally as possible. I aim to blend in with your crew and capture all the small and big moments, as well as those beautiful candids in between. I truly adore capturing all of those beautiful candid moments, but also love to create a few editorial shots as well. 
 I shoot a mix of digital and film throughout the day to give you both a modern and classic vibe. 
 We will create a custom mood board for your day together to really help bring your vision to life! 
 I will help you build a timeline for your wedding day that reflects your wants and needs and allows for plenty of time to fully be present on your wedding day. 
What People Are Saying! 
 Tayler has such an amazing eye, and a real gift for making people feel comfortable. I am pretty shy in front of a camera, but my shoot with Tayler was fun, relaxed, and exceeded all of my expectations! She was delightful to work with, and I couldn't be more pleased with the finished product. Thank you Tayler! 
Tayler is the most amazing photographer. I can't count the amount of times I have had the privilege of working with her at weddings. She captures every moment and detail of the day with such ease and grace, her couples adore her, and her photos are stunning. I am a wedding planner and I never have to worry about making sure she captured something or is on time- she is a true team player. I like working with her so much she is doing my family photos. Do your self a favor and hire her for your wedding! you will not regret it! 
Engagements & Lifestyle
 No.1 
Engagements & Lifestyle Sessions start at 
 $850
Elopements
 No.2 
Elopement Coverage starts at 
 $2500
Learn more
Weddings
 No. 3 
Wedding Coverage starts at 
 $4800
 *Average investment is around $5800 
Destination Weddings
 Travel is and always has been a huge part of our lives and something we truly value and never take for granted. Exploring another culture with your closest friends and family is such an incredible way to celebrate your love story. We would be thrilled to be a part of your destination wedding and after doing quite a few destination weddings in the past, we have modified them to include travel so you don’t have to booking anything more photography wise after deciding to work with us! And since we love to explore and create as much as possible, all destination weddings include a one hour shoot outside of the wedding day to explore and create together! Lets adventure together!
whats included
 all day coverage, two photographers, additional adventure shoot & travel included: 
 Any where in the continental USA, outside of Colorado - Starting at $5500
 Hawaii & Alaska - Starting at $6000
 Mexico & Central America - Starting at $6000 
 Europe - Starting at $7000
 Africa, Australia & South East Asia- Starting at $8000
Send us an email for a custom quote! 
Contact Us Here! 
Extra special discounts if your getting married somewhere on my bucket list! 
Bucket list locations: 
 South Africa 
 Scotland 
 Iceland 
 Italy 
 Bali 
 Morocco 
 Mexico City 
 Guatamala 
Investement 
Instagram 
7452 Brook Forest Way,
Evergreen, CO, 80439,
United States
7164455455 
 tayler.carlisle@gmail.com 
Hours
Contact me
 716.445.5455 
Tayler Carlisle Photography
Home Portfolio Investment Lifestyle Blog 
© Tayler Carlisle Photography