Emily O Photography 
EO
Contact BLOG Family Newborn Maternity About Home 
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Blog
 Contact
 Gallery
 About
 Home
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Home About Maternity Newborn Family Reviews Blog contact x. CLOSE MENU
with photo heirlooms
Memories
Priceless
Capture your Family's
Meet me
 I’m a wife, mom of three, and professional photographer serving families throughout Grand Junction, Fruita, and the surrounding Western Colorado area. My journey began eleven years ago when my first baby was born and I realized just how quickly those precious early days pass.
I’ve since completed extensive in-person and online training in lighting, design, and most importantly safe newborn posing and infant handling, so you can feel completely confident knowing your baby is in experienced, gentle hands.
I love meeting new families and capturing the genuine connection and joy that make your story unique.
If you’re looking for a trusted, safety-focused newborn photographer in Grand Junction or Fruita, Colorado, I would be honored to work with you. Contact me today to reserve your session. I can’t wait to meet your family!
Your Grand junction newborn and family Photographer
Hi, I'm EMILY!
Based in GRAND JUNCTION, COLORADO
Family
Newborn
Maternity
 Offering fine art images of your most precious people that will last a lifetime
Photo Artwork
Timeless
Timeless • Modern • Heirlooms
From planning your session through guiding you on where & how to hang your artwork, I am there with you through every step of the process. You're in great hands. 
"Emily was very detailed in her instructions for us, we knew exactly what to expect going into our session. She was very friendly and professional. I really enjoyed watching her in her element, she is amazing with babies! Very creative ideas and poses. Highly recommend for your little one’s newborn photos".
Newborn session
Amanda & Clayton 
Emily was fantastic! She has super fun props, outfits and accessories for babies that make the photos so fun. She is calm and easy to work with. She does a great job at capturing sweet moments and making the process so easy and fun.
6 month sitter session
Mindy and Cora 
Emily was amazing! 
She was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable during my maternity shoot. She was always open to any ideas I may have had and most importantly we fell in love with our photos! 
Thank you Emily
Maternity Session
Anjelica 
Ehlani
Emily was very gentle with my newborn, and made sure she was comfortable during the entire photoshoot. The pictures turned out perfect. Emily made sure the outfits and colors complimented my baby girl's skin tone and features . I highly recommend Emily O Photography to capture all your special moments!
Newborn session
Canaan
I would highly recommend Emily! We did our newborn shoot with her and she created such a pleasant environment! Newborn shoots can be very tedious, and her patience and the way she handled my baby was such a pleasure to watch! She communicated quickly and efficiently, and the prep guide she provided prior to the shoot was not only informative to help her get the images you are wanting, but also comforting for any worries you may have!
Newborn session
Tyler & Lauren
Emily O Photography has taken our family photos for several years. She is a thoughtful photographer. I asked her to do a shoot outside of her norm and she exceeded my expectations. She is also very comfortable to be around!
Engagement session
Madi
Emily is such an amazing human and does an amazing job every time! I have now had her do business headshots and photography for wedding and I couldn't be happier with the results!
Professional Headshot
,, 
"Emily is a creative and fun photographer who is fun to work with and easy going. She thought of details that I did not and used some items that were important to me in innovative ways. I would highly recommend Emily to capture your most important events."
 - Carla Bach 
LETS GET STARTED »
I can't wait to get to know you. Please answer the following questions to help me get to know you better and better prepare myself for our future photoshoot!
Memories
Beautiful
Let's Create
Website Design Credit
BLOG
 Newborn
 Maternity
 About
 Home
 REviews
 Contact
emily@emilyophotography.com
Serving • GRAND JUNCTION, Fruita AND THE GREATER WESTERN SLOPE
Privacy
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Say Hello! »
 Maternity • Newborn • Family
Family