About Me: Emily O Photography 
Blog
 Contact
 Gallery
 About
 Home
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Home About Maternity Newborn Family Reviews Blog contact x. CLOSE MENU
EO
Contact BLOG Family Newborn Maternity About Home 
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Say Hello »
Family
Newborn
Maternity
 I am honored that you are considering me as your photographer. Since having my first child I have developed a passion for photography in an effort to hold on to every little moment. I am reminded through my photos that childhood goes by so fast and each photo holds so much value. 
I knew I wanted to be a photographer the day my son was born. I took a candid photo of my husband holding our first born for the first time. Every time I look at that photo I can feel the emotion, see the love, and re-live that moment whenever I want. I want to give that same feeling to you! I immediately dove in and started learning and exploring my creativity behind a camera.
I'm looking forward to meeting your family and hearing your story. Let's start adding to the pages of your family album!
can't wait to capture your family's memories! As a wife and mother of three I understand the value of preserving the moments and milestones in your life that make having a family special. 
I
Here for your family's sweetest moments 
i'm emily
A snapshot into my life
As a former collegiate athlete I enjoy participating in all sports, specifically volleyball, tennis, weightlifting, and anything in the water. I enjoy going on hikes with my family, climbing 14ers with my husband, and skiing.
In my free time I love being artistic and crafty. Anything that I can DIY I will take a shot at. I try to find any opportunity to figure out how to do something myself and put my own stamp on it wether it be a charcuterie table, to repurposing furniture! 
Activity
My Favorite Things
When it comes to driving in the car, cleaning the house, or working around the farm give me podcasts all day! I will listen to anything true crime podcasts and books on tape.
I love to wind down at the end of the day with a good book. I participate in a book club with my friends where we read a wide variety of genres and authors. My favorite authors include Alex Michaelides, Dan Brown, Nicholas Sparks, and Steven King. I will read thrillers all day but I like to shake things up and find new authors as well!
Podcasts & Books
Travel is a huge passion of mine. I am just as happy on a white sand beach as I am at the top of a mountain. While my husband and I have ventured around several Caribbean Islands my dream is to go to Bora Bora, Greece, and Germany. The hunter/fisherman in my husband is itching to go to Chile on a fly fishing trip (right after he does a big game hunt in Alaska).
Traveling
"Emily was very detailed in her instructions for us, we knew exactly what to expect going into our session. She was very friendly and professional. I really enjoyed watching her in her element, she is amazing with babies! Very creative ideas and poses. Highly recommend for your little one’s newborn photos".
Newborn session
Amanda & Clayton 
Emily was fantastic! She has super fun props, outfits and accessories for babies that make the photos so fun. She is calm and easy to work with. She does a great job at capturing sweet moments and making the process so easy and fun.
6 month sitter session
Mindy and Cora 
Emily was amazing! 
She was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable during my maternity shoot. She was always open to any ideas I may have had and most importantly we fell in love with our photos! 
Thank you Emily
Maternity Session
Anjelica 
Ehlani
Emily was very gentle with my newborn, and made sure she was comfortable during the entire photoshoot. The pictures turned out perfect. Emily made sure the outfits and colors complimented my baby girl's skin tone and features . I highly recommend Emily O Photography to capture all your special moments!
Newborn session
Canaan
I would highly recommend Emily! We did our newborn shoot with her and she created such a pleasant environment! Newborn shoots can be very tedious, and her patience and the way she handled my baby was such a pleasure to watch! She communicated quickly and efficiently, and the prep guide she provided prior to the shoot was not only informative to help her get the images you are wanting, but also comforting for any worries you may have!
Newborn session
Tyler & Lauren
Emily O Photography has taken our family photos for several years. She is a thoughtful photographer. I asked her to do a shoot outside of her norm and she exceeded my expectations. She is also very comfortable to be around!
Engagement session
Madi
Emily is such an amazing human and does an amazing job every time! I have now had her do business headshots and photography for wedding and I couldn't be happier with the results!
Professional Headshot
,, 
Inquire
 I strive to make every single photoshoot one of a kind and specific to you and your family while incorporating clean and timeless images that will always find a space on your gallery wall. Your baby is in the safest hands and will be cared for the way any parent would expect their child to be cared for! 
You Deserve the best
Website Design Credit
BLOG
 Newborn
 Maternity
 About
 Home
 REviews
 Contact
emily@emilyophotography.com
Serving • GRAND JUNCTION, Fruita AND THE GREATER WESTERN SLOPE
Privacy
PHOTOGRAPHY
Emily O
Say Hello! »
 Maternity • Newborn • Family
Family