About Kathleen Bonneau &mdash; Telluride Presents 
About
Planning 
Galleries
Love Letters
Inquire
About Planning Galleries Love Letters Inquire 
Let us make your wedding or special event as exceptional as Telluride.
“ Your wedding day is about you and making your dreams come true, and Kathleen will move heaven and earth to make that happen. ” 
&mdash; Sarah W. 
Telluride Presents, established in 2009, is a Telluride-based wedding and event planning business specializing in creating exceptional events with flawless execution. We work closely with you to bring your vision to life, from selecting the perfect venue and vendors that fit your needs to coordinating every detail within your budget.
 We understand that every couple is unique, and we tailor our services to meet your specific and authentic needs. Whether your wedding is large or small, we ensure it’s personalized to reflect your style. We offer flexible pricing options, making it easy to fit your budget.
 We value our clients' time and make ourselves available seven days a week, offering meetings and calls at your convenience, no matter where you are.
 We take the time to get to know you as a couple, understanding your passions and how to incorporate them into your wedding day. After learning about your vision, we’ll send you detailed pricing and services tailored to your needs.
At Telluride Presents, owner Kathleen Bonneau and lead assistant planner Rachel Williams lead a team of nine extraordinary women and men who bring passion, creativity, and heartfelt dedication to every celebration we design. Deeply rooted in the Telluride community, our team is known for its collaborative spirit, exceptional work ethic, and genuine care for every client we serve. Together, we are committed to creating thoughtful, unforgettable events that beautifully reflect the individuality of every couple we serve.
 Discover what we can create together and how we can achieve the wedding you desire. We look forward to hearing from you and helping you make this the most memorable day of your life!
 Owner Kathleen Bonneau, a Telluride resident since 2002, has been planning weddings since 2009. With her deep knowledge of the local community and extensive event experience, she’s dedicated to making your special day unforgettable. Beginning with her position as Director of Operations of the Telluride Jazz Celebration in 2002, she has been involved with a number of noteworthy events ever since, including Telluride Film Festival, Telluride Blues & Brews Festival, and New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival. She worked as Special Events and Marketing Director for the Ah Haa School for the Arts for 12 years where she created and managed the wedding/event rental sales and marketing, spearheaded more than twelve live art auction fundraising events, and planned numerous gala events. 
@telluridepresents on instagram: