Services - Vail & Beaver Creek Event & Wedding Planners | Colorado Wedding Planner | Breckenridge, Keystone, Beaver Creek, Aspen, Vail CO Wedding & Event Planning 
Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 Vail & Beaver Creek Event & Wedding Planners | Colorado Wedding Planner | Breckenridge, Keystone, Beaver Creek, Aspen, Vail CO Wedding & Event Planning 
 Modern Wedding and Event Planning
Home 
Galleries 
Weddings 
Events 
Engagements 
Services 
About 
Testimonials 
Blog 
Contact 
Services
Weddings
Full Service 
A hands on approach to the planning process. Full Service starts immediately. We create a realistic timeline, and match you up with the perfect venue and vendors for your personality, style, and budget. With unlimited meetings we go step by step through your checklist, anticipating all of your needs, and taking care of all the planning leg work ensuring every detail is prepped for your wedding. Based on your vision we will design a wedding that is perfect for you by working with the right vendors, to integrate lighting, furnishings, linens, and floral design.
($95 per person/ $7,500 minimum)
Wedding Management
(Similar to Month of Coordination, but better)
Wedding Management starts immediately with an extensive planning meeting where we will gather all the details you have planned so far, get started on your wedding day timeline, give you personalized vendor recommendations, and go over our amazing online planning tool that you will have full access to. Then you will continue to plan your own wedding. You may reach out with questions as often as you like. We’ll be there for your tasting. A month before your wedding we will have our month of planning meeting, where we will gather all the details we need for a successful wedding day. We then become the liaison between you and your vendors, and we triple confirm everything with them ensuring everyone is prepared and ready. On your wedding day The Party Girl Events team will be there to oversee every detail, ensuring everything is happening on time, running smoothly, so you can enjoy every beautiful moment of your wedding day!
(Wedding Management typically ranges from $3,000-$4,500)
Elopements (Small Weddings)
For weddings of 20 or less we offer Full Service Planning that can include:
Personalized Recommendation and Selection of a photographer, officiant, and hair and makeup artist
Ceremony and Reception venue recommendations
Lodging Recommendations
Coordination of brides bouquet and groom’s boutonniere
Creation of wedding day timeline
Ceremony rehearsal guidance
Full wedding day coverage
(Elopements typically range from $2,500-$4,500)
PARTY GIRL EVENTS IS A PROUD PARTNER OF THE HRC AND SUPPORTER OF MARRIAGE EQUALITY 
Events
Perfect Proposals/ Engagements
Our engagements include a lot more than just finding a pretty spot to drop a knee! We create over the top custom proposals based on your vision and your special relationship! We will hire the best vendor team, and on the big day we will set the scene, and be there (usually hiding in the bushes) to make sure it goes off without a hitch! Later in the evening we will do a special rose petal turndown. You can&#8217;t give your partner the proposal of their dreams without us!
Our services are priced between $1,500 and $1,800, with additional costs for photography, decor, and other extras.
Bar / Bat Mitzvah’s
We pride ourselves in combining the tradition of the service with the excitement of the party. We work closely with B’nai Vail making sure your ceremony planning is stress free. We also work with a team of the most talented Bar/Bat Mitzvah specific vendors that know how to connect with 13 year olds and keep the party going! You don’t need to bring in your own Rabbi or planner for your destination Bar/Bat Mitzvah because we’ve got it all covered.
Social Parties
The key to having a successful event is to have someone else handle the details and production aspects of your event, so you can be the host and have fun! We’re certified in planning all events, and in the past we’ve planned birthday parties, anniversary parties, bachelor/bachelorette parties, parties with multiple days of events, and just plain vacations for our clients.
Footer
 Contact Party Girl Events
Stephanie Fleck 
Wedding & Event Planner
19 Vail Rd.
Vail, CO 81657
(970) 306-3381 
Email 
Nobody Deserves to Enjoy Your Event More Than You.
Since 2015 Party Girl Events has been helping awesome clients plan and execute weddings and events that are smooth flowing and memorable. We've been everywhere from mountain tops to farms, from back yards to swanky ballrooms. We've worked through crazy snowstorms, fixed ripped bridesmaid's dresses, air brushed a sunburnt groom's forehead, and re-stacked wedding cakes on the fly. We love planning all events. It doesn’t matter how big or small, what the budget is, or how out of the box the vision. As long as you’re excited about it, then we'd love to be a part of it!
Follow on Instagram 
Email 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
&copy; 2026 &middot; Vail & Beaver Creek Event & Wedding Planners | Colorado Wedding Planner | Breckenridge, Keystone, Beaver Creek, Aspen, Vail CO Wedding & Event Planning 
 Home 
Galleries 
Services 
About 
Testimonials 
Blog 
Contact