6 Best Places to Elope in Utah | Utah Elopement Guide 
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Elopement Packages &#038; Pricing 
 Best Places to Elope in Colorado 
 Best Places to Elope in Utah 
 Blog 
 Contact 
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Elopement Packages &#038; Pricing 
 Best Places to Elope in Colorado 
 Best Places to Elope in Utah 
 Blog 
 Contact 
6 Best Places to Elope in Utah
 the ultimate utah elopement planning guide
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Elopement Packages &#038; Pricing 
 Best Places to Elope in Colorado 
 Best Places to Elope in Utah 
 Blog 
 Contact 
In Love and Adventure 
 Colorado Elopement Photographers
Home 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Elopement Packages &#038; Pricing 
 Best Places to Elope in Colorado 
 Best Places to Elope in Utah 
 Blog 
 Contact 
Incredible Landscapes. Even better Adventures. The Ultimate Utah Elopement Awaits You.
What&#8217;s the perfect recipe for a Utah elopement ?
 Gorgeous views 
 Your love 
 and a Utah elopement photographer (like me!) 
In this guide I go over everything you need to know for planning your Utah elopement . From the 6 best places to elope in Utah , to getting your Utah marriage license , permit requirements, and everything you&#8217;ll need to know about planning your loved up unforgettable Utah elopement .
 Whether you’re getting married in Moab, Utah , or heading to the southern Utah national parks like Zion , I’m here to be your favorite adventure buddy, capturing your memories of the day and scouting the best Utah elopement spots for you.
First up, here are my favorite places to elope in utah 
6 Best Places to elope in Utah 
 It’s hard to choose the best places to elope in Utah when the varied vistas include mountain passes , desert beauty, alpine forests, fantastical red rock formations , and petrified sand dunes. 
 broken down between moab , and southern utah 
 I broke down the 6 best places to elope in Utah between two places, Moab, and Southern Utah. If you&#8217;re going to elope in Utah for it&#8217;s red rocks and iconic arches, chances are it&#8217;s going to be in one of these two places. Out of the 6 i&#8217;m listing, 5 are The Mighty Five , and then I threw in one more of my absolute most favorite places to photograph in Utah, Dead Horse Point State Park !
 In addition to the 6 best places to elope in Utah, I also go over some other locations worth considering for a Utah elopement.
 The Mighty Five + Dead Horse Point State Park
 Arches National Park 
 Canyonlands National Park 
 Dead Horse Point State Park 
 Zion National Park 
 Bryce Canyon 
 Capitol Reef 
Getting Married in Moab, Utah 
 A nature lover’s paradise, the small town of Moab is surrounded by red rock formations, canyons, and desert vistas, making for a unique backdrop for your wedding. Here are the three most popular national parks for getting married in Moab, Utah. 
Getting Married In Arches National Park 
Popular spot for iconic sandstone arches
 With over 2,000 natural stone arches , pinnacles , rock fins , and other unique rock formations, Arches National Park is a magical place to elope in Moab . The red rock formation is striking, perfectly framing photos in other-earthly geology. There are a few designated wedding locations in Arches which you can choose when applying for a permit. Both are close to the parking lot and park amenities.
Getting Married In Canyonlands National Park 
 Large Utah Park with a variety of rugged landscapes
 Canyonlands is full of dramatic canyons, mesas, and buttes still being carved by the Colorado River . As the biggest national park in Utah with 3 districts: Island in the Sky, The Needles, and The Maze , there are a lot of photo opportunities. Canyonlands is not too accessible, making it a good choice for smaller groups of adventurers.
Getting Married In Dead Horse Point State Park 
Easy-to-access views of deep canyons, cliffs, and the Colorado River
 With views for miles around, Dead Horse Point State Park makes a breathtaking natural vista for your wedding. Slightly less busy than Arches and Canyonlands &#8211; getting permits, locations near park amenities, and your desired wedding date is easier. You can also bring your dog and decorations for the wedding — something that most Utah national parks don’t allow. Although Dead Horse Point isn&#8217;t one of the mighty five national parks in Utah, I have to include it on my list of the best places to elope in Utah because it&#8217;s my #1 place to photograph!
Getting Married In Southern Utah And Beyond
 Utah has so many beautiful national parks to choose from. Here are a few other places to elope in Utah that are stunning and remote.
Getting Married In Zion National Park 
Red rock formations and lush vegetation
 Between the Grand Canyon and Bryce Canyon is Zion National Park , protecting the 2,000 sandstone cliffs jutting down to the valley below. With easy access from Springdale , it’s an accessible place to elope in Utah. It’s not a hidden gem, though, Zion is one of the most popular parks in Utah and the US, so be prepared for an early start for your ceremony if you want the most privacy. The red rocks, lush vegetation, river, and milder climate make for stunning adventure wedding photos year-round. 
Getting Married In Bryce Canyon National Park 
 Surreal red rock spires vistas for miles
 The less busy southern Utah park, Bryce Canyon National Park , has the highest concentration of hoodoos in one spot anywhere on earth. Its high elevation means the weather can be cool, but the road winding through the park makes some of the most striking views accessible year-round. The sci-fi-like spires of soft rock dot the horizon, and sunrise and sunset bathe the park in a whimsical glow — a stunning spot for an adventure elopement.
Getting Married In Capitol Reef
Remote red rock formations, canyons, and vegetation
 For 100 miles, exposed cliffs rise to the sky in the wrinkle of earth called the Waterpocket Fold . You could explore Capitol Reef ’s ruggedness for years. The park is miles away from cities — the closest traffic light is more than an hour away — great for couples who want a remote destination and aren’t afraid of an adventure on their wedding day.
Other Locations Worth Considering When Looking at Places to Elope in Utah 
 There are pros and cons to choosing a national park as your elopement destination, whether you’re facing pricey permits or limited guest numbers. Some more lenient options are regular public areas or state parks. 
 However, you will still want to research and consider the legalities of choosing these areas for your Utah elopement. Remember that many of the same rules apply to anyone hoping to elope in Utah’s parks, regardless of if they are national or state, and no matter where you end up, you’ll need to take care to protect the environment. With me as your Utah elopement photographer , I can help you navigate the permit process and make sure we&#8217;re squared away before you say &#8220;I do!&#8221;
 Dark Canyon Wilderness 
 Dark Canyon Wilderness is truly postcard-worthy, with colorful stone arches and a variety of ancient trees growing throughout this stunning location. 
 Adventure-seekers hiking into the canyon will stumble across dense aspen groves, gorgeous meadows overflowing with wildflowers in the spring, and gardens that hang off the sides of cliff faces like ambitious rock climbers. 
 Moab BLM
 This area is huge, which is great for anyone considering Moab adventure elopements . In fact, Moab also offers incredible variety when it comes to hiking trails, parks, campsites, and more. There are even more hidden gems tucked away in the cavernous red rocks, where adventure elopers can settle in for a picnic, or stargazing!
 You can also find some beautiful venues in Moab if you’re looking for a more traditional adventure wedding with family. Airbnbs are ripe for the picking here, as are glamping locations, which you can find scattered throughout the area. 
 Kanab
 Speaking of gorgeous venues: there’s no shortage here in Kanab , though Utah public lands are also available to wed in this location. 
 Kanab is home to a number of stunning parks, like Jacob Hamblin Park, Levi Stewart Memorial Park, and K-Hill Trail. 
 The Great Basin 
 The Great Basin is famously home to “drains” of several stunning lakes, including Pyramid Lake, the Great Salt Lake, and the Humboldt Sink. It’s surrounded by breathtaking mountain ranges and is well known for its abundance of wildlife. 
 Thrill-seeking elopers like yourselves may also find the many limestone caverns worth the trek, and we certainly can’t forget about the Lehman Caves, which are open for tours with tickets purchased in advance. 
 Goblin Valley 
 Goblin Valley may sound like a spooky place to include on a list of Utah elopement locations, but don’t let the eerie name turn you off. In fact, Goblin Valley is home to some of the most stunning arches and rock formations in Utah.
 We also love that this spot is much more secluded than many other parks and locations, making it the perfect getaway for couples hell-bent on escaping the hustle and bustle of traditional wedding chaos. 
 Named for the bizarre rock formations that litter the valley for miles, this jaw-dropping state park is well worth a visit, even if you decide not to tie the knot here. 
 Wasatch Mountains State Park 
 If you’re thinking about eloping in the fall, we’d strongly suggest considering the absolutely breathtaking Wasatch Mountains State Park . This is due to the sheer number of aspen trees that reside in this park, all of which change to breathtaking colors as the seasons begin to shift. 
 This state park also boasts stunning bodies of water in the valleys on the mountains’ edges, which often sit so still that they look like mirrors. Just imagine the photo ops! 
 Monument Valley 
 When it comes to more simplified Utah elopement locations, Monument Valley offers adventure elopers the best of scenic vistas without all the pricey fees. In fact, there’s no permit required so long as you have no more than four people present at your ceremony, and your ceremony is performed on the main road. 
 However, if you venture deeper into the park you will need to apply for a permit, though it’s well worth it. In fact, Monument Valley is one of the most photographed places not only in the United States but on Earth, and for good reason — you’ll be stunned by its incredible rock formations, some of which stand over 1,000 feet tall. 
 Lake Powell
 Lake Powell adventure weddings are quite popular, and it’s easy to see why once you google a few photos of other elopers’ experiences. It’s like a desert venue meets a beachy waterfront, offering the perfect mix for anyone who fancies a good swim in the midday heat and stargazing under towering red rocks after sundown. 
 The best time to wed at Lake Powell is between spring and summer when the weather is warm and the water is divine for a dip. Say your vows on one of the many cliffsides surrounding the lake, or consider renting a boat and having your friends and family nearby to make a splash into married life with you!
 The Wave, Coyote Buttes 
 We cannot mention an adventure wedding in Utah without mentioning The Wave in Coyote Buttes . This incredible rock formation looks exactly as it’s named: like a huge wave carved into the red limestone.
 The sight is almost ethereal, leaving photos looking unreal and onlookers with their jaws on the ground in real life. If capturing the perfect photo is on your wedding bucket list, you don’t want to sleep on this unbelievable location. Trust us. 
 Grand Staircase Escalante National Monument
 Looking for paradise? Look no further than the Grand Staircase Escalante National Monument . This location screams adventure, and there’s so much to see at every turn you won’t believe your eyes.
 From lush expanses of vegetation to towering arches and flowing waterfalls, this national monument is fit for the gods — and also for a pair of adventure-seeking elopers. Believe us, this one is a must-see when considering your Utah elopement location. 
 Castle Valley
 Castle Valley offers the best of the west, with beautiful multicolored stone structures spearing the clouds like the tips of castle spires. Castle Valley is one of my favorite locations on my Best Places to Elope in Utah list!
 Photos are simply spectacular in this location, especially if you’re looking for a more simplified backdrop that offers the same wow factor without taking the focus from the couple at the center of the occasion. 
 Bonneville Salt Flats
 You may have heard of the Bonneville Salt Flats , but if you haven’t, we’ll give you a few moments to go and google them … Did you do it? Were you stunned? Yeah, we thought so.
 The Bonneville Salt Flats are an adventure eloper’s fantasy, especially for anyone looking to adventure into a part of the world that looks almost magical. And for this location, you certainly want an excellent Utah wedding photographer, because angles matter. 
 The right angle here can make you look like you’re walking in the sky, and what could be more heavenly than that? 
 Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park
 What’s in a name? Well, a lot when you’re considering Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park . In fact, everything you need to know is right there in those six lovely words. 
 With sprawling sand dunes that go on for miles, the best time to wed in this park would be just before sunset, when the golden hour glow casts everything around the park in a pink haze. 
 Before the wedding, enjoy sand surfing and exploring the incredible trails. You might even thrill your inner child by renting an ATV for the day! 
 Utah Public Lands
 There are so many parks and locations available in Utah for adventurous elopers that we simply can’t name them all. Remember, even if you’re planning on getting married in front of your family and friends, you don’t have to pick a specific venue. 
 Utah public land is also an option, though keep in mind you may need to apply for a special user permit to wed in specified areas, and you may also have a limit on how many guests can attend your ceremony. 
 Still, choosing to wed in Utah public lands often not only saves you money but provides you with an incredible experience, unlike any wedding you’ve seen before. 
 Other Utah Venues And Destinations For An Adventure Wedding Or Elopement 
 Not all adventure weddings take place in a park or secluded venue. Utah is also home to some of the most beautiful and exciting resorts and destinations. Park City Mountain Resort , for example, is one such location that offers an epic destination for Park City adventure weddings, but there are so many more!
 If you’re considering eloping on the adventure wedding of a lifetime, you shouldn’t pass up some of these stunning spots…
 Deer Valley Resort in Park City 
 Eldredge Manor in Bountiful 
 Willow Springs Event Center in Springville 
 This Is the Place Heritage Park in Salt Lake City 
 Snowbasin Resort in Huntsville 
 River Bottoms Ranch in Midway 
 Quiet Meadow Farm in Mapleton 
 let&#8217;s adventure together!
Reach out to me today to start planning your adventure
click on the orange button below & fill out the contact form
 i&#8217;ll be in touch within 24 hours!
 contact me through here! 
learn more about kelly 
Who am I?
 meet your utah elopement photographer 
 That&#8217;s me &lt;&lt;&lt; and my hubby, Alex when we got hitched in the Moab desert 🏜️ . I have been working full time as an adventure elopement photographer in Colorado and Utah for about 4 years now. I’ve helped over 100 couples just like you have the elopement of their dreams.
 When it came time for me to get married, I just knew I wanted to say &#8220;I do&#8221;, and not have a list of things &#8220;To-do.&#8221; Ya feel me? That&#8217;s why i&#8217;m super passionate about helping my couples bring their dream day to life (because i&#8217;ve been in your shoes)!
 This business has become so much more than a job and I feel truly honored to call so many clients my friends. It would be a pleasure to work with you and your soon-to-be spouse as we plan and execute your dream Utah elopement in the places I now call home.
Don&#8217;t know where to get married in Utah?
 I help scout the best places to elope in Utah in or near national parks for adventure weddings & elopements of up to 15 people.
 I&#8217;m usually pretty involved with my couples and their planning for their big day. I suggest vendors you can work with, will create a timeline for your big day, nail down permits, help you get your Utah marriage license, and just make sure you have the best damn day. Keep scrolling down a bit further if you want to see The Ultimate Utah Elopement Planning Guide, where I go over all my tips and tricks, and get you completely prepared for your Utah elopement!
 Why? Because when your elopement day, location, and timing are planned just right, your pictures will turn out incredible.
 With me as your Utah elopement photographer , you can spend more time loving and adventuring and less time planning your Utah elopement. 
utah elopement packages & pricing 
I love what I do, and so do they&#8230;
&#8220;when (not if) you choose kelly, you will be making the best decision!&#8221;
 Kelly is the best. Full stop. As a couple from out of state, we really depended on her expertise to find a location that met our admittedly long wish list. She proposed several locations, and when we decided to go with our back up location the day before our wedding, she was so flexible and accommodating. She made sure we had a timeline that worked for us, and even made sure we knew when we could make an appointment to get our marriage license. She was there every step of the way.
 The day of our Utah elopement was an absolute dream. As someone who always feels awkward in front of a camera, Kelly made it comfortable and hyped us up the whole time, and the pictures she captured feel so authentic while conveying the magic we felt that day.
 When (not if) you choose Kelly, you will be making the best decision!&#8221;
Here’s Why You Should Totally Elope In Utah
 Let’s be honest — Utah might as well be urban slang for adventure . What can’t you do here? Utah has it all, from hiking to cave diving to splashing around Lake Powell. No matter where you turn, there’s no shortage of adventures to be had in this landscape reminiscent of the rugged Wild West. 
 If you’re like me, you took one look at Utah and thought “An elopement wedding here ? Yes please!” And if you’re thinking about eloping in Utah, you might as well do it right. We’re talking about epic photos, unbelievable experiences, and building incredible memories throughout your wedding experience to last a lifetime with your partner. After all, isn’t that how it should be? 
 If you’re down for the adventure wedding of your dreams, i&#8217;m down to help you nail it. And with that in mind, let’s talk about choosing the best venue (or lack thereof) for the big extravaganza. 
What To Expect When Eloping In Utah 
 it&#8217;s the desert, baby!
 Remember that Utah is a desert environment. This means days can be scorching and nights can be freezing! 
 Seasons matter in Utah as well — this is one state that boasts all four. In fact, the seasons tend to be especially pronounced in Utah, with summer heat waves reaching over 100 degrees while winters can cool down to a frosty sub-zero. 
 Prepare ahead of time and research your desired location where you plan to tie the knot. Make sure your entire wedding party is prepared for the adventure with the proper gear, attire, water, and safety equipment. 
 Make sure you and your wedding party also have your big day must-haves, including your wedding attire and makeup, the wedding rings, baby wipes (trust us), and any props or announcement signs you want to include in photos. Hell, you might even bring some champagne to toast after the moment you say “I do” (did we say might ? We meant should ).
 Whatever you bring with you, of course, remember to keep it with you. You want to leave the beautiful Utah landscape exactly as you found it. 
How To Choose The Perfect Utah Wedding Location Or Venue 
 The first thing most of us do when we decide to get hitched is to start looking at venues. And yes, you can still have an Utah adventure wedding in a venue. I should know — i’ve seen it all. 
 While i&#8217;m certainly not a fan of the traditional wedding planning situation, I still understand that you’re going to need at least some organized planning to pull your unorthodox adventure wedding off right. So let’s first talk about the best places to get married in Utah.
 First and foremost, you need to be somewhat decisive. Do you want a wedding or an elopement? And actually, now that we’re on the subject… What the hell is the difference? 
 When we say wedding, we mean like a wedding wedding. Do you want the whole shebang — your dad walking you down the aisle and your best friends at the altar waiting to greet you? Do you want your mom to experience the joys of getting teary-eyed when you have your first married kiss, and do you want your crazy uncle to have too much to drink at the ceremony and give a weirdly long and awkward speech? (Kidding, kidding… Sort of.)
 For real, though — if you do want a more traditional wedding in a venue, rest assured that this doesn’t mean you’ll have to sacrifice your adventure wedding dreams. You can still have a totally unique experience, and there are plenty of incredible venues that can provide that out-of-the-box vibe. We’ll cover a few of those venues we love most for such an occasion further down. But before you scroll, let’s talk about elopement.
 Eloping In Utah: Is It Right For You?
 Is it your dream to spontaneously disappear and find yourself on a cliffside at dusk, kissing your partner in hiking boots instead of heels? Totally doable, especially in Utah. 
 But here’s the tricky bit… How do you decide which version of an adventure wedding in Utah is right for you?
 Here’s the truth: adventure elopements can seem fun on paper, but they aren’t for everyone. For many couples, including family and friends in the nuptials is incredibly important, but having them along for intense hikes through winding sand dunes may not be realistic. Luckily, there are wedding venues in Utah that can help give you the best of an adventure wedding without sending your poor dad’s back into spasms.
 Figure Out What’s Right For Your Situation
Both you and your partner will need to be on the same page. Our advice? Have an in-depth chat and decide what matters most to both of you, and then build a list of personal pros and cons for eloping versus a more traditional (although not too traditional) adventure wedding. 
 Weigh Your Options
 Look at different variations of the best places to elope in Utah alongside the best venues for holding weddings. This should help you decide which option would be best for you, and it should give you some peace of mind that no matter what you choose, you’ll have the magnificent adventure wedding of your dreams. 
How to Elope in Utah
1) Pick your season 
 Fire place ashes or sprinkler splashes? (Where my Swifties at?!) No but really, the first step in having a Utah elopement is deciding your season, and deciding what type of environment you want to be surrounded with on your big day. Utah has all 4 seasons, so you can expect the typical weather for each season. Keep in mind that the Utah desert gets HOT in the summer. I usually only recommend eloping in the winter, early spring, or fall. While the summer is do-able, it&#8217;s just going to be a bit more uncomfortable, and we&#8217;ll probably wan to keep near water!
2) Choose your Utah Elopement Location 
 This is where the help from a Utah elopement photographer, (like me!) can really help with the planning. Are you wanting a Utah elopement but not sure of all the details, or even where to elope in Utah? Then hiring a photographer that knows the area, and knows it well will help big time. We know the best places for pictures, the best time for pictures, and can even help with obtaining permits! Here are a few Utah elopement locations just for inspiration!
 Dead Horse Point State Park 
 Arches National Park 
 Canyonlands National Park 
 Bryce Canyon 
 Moab, Utah 
3) Book your lodging 
 If you’re coming from out of town, you’ll want to rent a space to stay at! And now that you know where you&#8217;ll be eloping in Utah, finding a place should be easy! Look into places on Airbnb , and Vrbo&#8217;s . This is your Utah elopement day after all, so don&#8217;t be afraid to splurge a bit on your accommodations!
4) hire vendors
 Consider hiring a few Utah elopement vendors to make your day extra special. If you’re planning to have guests and need help with day of coordination, or looking to hire a Utah elopement planner, consider hiring Terra Vida Events. Any kind of furniture or tent rentals can be done through Moab Event Services. If you&#8217;re looking to have florals done, consider Farm Yard , or Tangled Sage . Any hair and make up needs could be done by Lesley Lind , or Janelle Ingram .
5) Plan out your attire for your Utah elopement 
 Depending on what you chose for Step 1: Pick your season, you’ll want to choose your wedding attire so you’re comfortable for your Utah elopement! Remember that you’ll be outside, so don’t stress too much about getting your attire dirty. Also remember that your Utah elopement photographer will probably ask you to move around, stand on rocks, walk over rocks, skip, jump, or even dance around a bit to get those best shots. You’ll want to be comfortable all day long. And if you’re choosing to elope in Utah in the winter or early spring (when mom nature can throw curve balls) be sure to bring layers or a jacket you’ll be stoked to get your picture taken in! Playing around with accessories and jackets, caps even are such a fun way to incorporate your personality into your Utah elopement.
6) have the best damn day ever!
 You’ve come so far, you’re finally here! Now it’s time to sit back and relax and let the pieces fall together. Enjoy your Utah elopement !
How To Get Married In Utah Q & A&#8217;s
 It’s probably everyone’s least favorite part about getting married – the legal stuff. Even if you’re from out of state, you’ll have to follow Utah rules for getting married . But don’t worry, during a planning consult as your Utah elopement photographer , I’ll help you figure out all the details, from the licenses and permits to the perfect Utah location and your elopement day timeline.
 What do you need to get married in Utah?
 You’ll need an approved officiant, a wedding license from the courthouse, and two witnesses.
Can you get married online in Utah?
 No, you must show up at the Utah courthouse with photo ID and apply for the wedding license as a couple. You’ll need your officiant’s name. There’s no waiting period between applying and getting the marriage license. So, if you’re traveling from out of state, you can do it the day before your wedding.
What permits do you need when getting married in one of these places to elope in utah?
 Depending on the location you choose, special use permits may be required. National and State parks often require the couple to apply for the permit themselves. I’ll help you navigate this when I scout locations so there’s nothing unexpected.
What are some Moab wedding venues?
 As an adventure elopement photographer , my favorite Moab wedding venues are in nature. Utah National Parks , State Parks, and the land surrounding it have designated wedding venues that you can (and should!) book in advance, no matter how small your elopement is going to be. I help couples pick their Moab wedding venue for parties under 15.
Are there all-inclusive elopement packages in Utah?
 If you’re planning a small elopement in Utah, I can help you find your location, recommend other vendors for hair, flowers, etc., and even witness your wedding. While I’m no wedding planner, most couples have minimal planning after booking a Utah elopement package from me.
Getting Your Marriage License for Your Utah Elopement
 So, you’ve decided to elope in Utah. When it comes to Utah weddings, you couldn’t have chosen a better state for escaping the hustle and bustle of traditional wedding planning. But, as we mentioned above, even elopers have to plan a little. 
 First, when you’re getting married in Utah, you’ll want to familiarize yourself with the legalities of getting your marriage license through the state. This goes for elopers and traditional wedding-doers alike. You’ll need to apply for a marriage license in Utah, and this could take some time. Waiting periods may vary, and most of the time you’ll need to make an appointment to get your license. 
 However, the good news is that once you have your license, you can go ahead and get married. There’s no waiting period once that license is in your hands! With that said, Utah requires that your marriage be solemnized within 32 days of the license being issued or it will expire. 
 We should also note that some counties in Utah have a license fee. It’s important to do your research before deciding where to get married so you fully understand the legalities and requirements for getting married in different locations. Special permits may also be required in certain spots, especially if you’re planning to wed in any of Utah’s national or state parks. 
The Ultimate Activity Checklist For Your Utah Elopement 
 Utah isn’t just a pretty face — there’s plenty of depth and plenty to do amid that gorgeous scenery. 
 Here are some of the best activities you should put on your elopement bucket list when getting hitched in Utah: 
 Take a hot air balloon ride at the Moab Adventure Center 
 rent an electric bike from e-motion moab 
 Hike in any of the national or state parks (of course) 
 Visit White Pine Lake and have your breath stolen by the view
 Take a dip in the Saratoga Hot Springs
 Take a few days to camp at Goblin Valley 
 If it’s spring, visit Albion Basin and swoon over the wildflowers 
 Visit Double Arch at night and lay beneath the stars
 If it’s winter, take a ski trip to Cottonwood Canyon 
 Take incredible photos at Bonneville Salt Flats 
Visit the Mantua Poppy Fields 
 Tour Monument Valley 
 Go on a 4&#215;4 adventure through Moab 
 Explore the Narrows 
 Hike the Navajo/Queens Garden Loop 
 If it’s winter, consider a snowmobiling trip through the backcountry 
 Tour the Lehman Caves in the Great Basin 
 Bring some blankets and watch the sunset at Island in the Sky, located in Canyonlands National Park 
More Utah Elopement Planning Resources
 You Can Get Married in Arches National Park — Here’s How 
Planning Your Canyonlands Wedding? Here’s What You Need To Know From A Utah Elopement Photographer 
Dead Horse Point Sunset Desert Elopement 
see more 
Need an Elopement Checklist ?
 Top 6 Essential Items to Pack for your Utah Elopement
 These are the essentials. The better not f*cking forget, you&#8217;re driving back to the house (or flying, YIKES!) if you do forget Top 6 Essential Items for What to Pack for Your Elopement. (jk, no need to fly anywhere for a water bottle).
 WAIT! Did you know I offer a Gear Garage to all my booked couples?! That&#8217;s right, my couples get access to all my used gear FOR FREE. Check it out 👇
 peek the gear garage 
shoes with good treaD (because no one&#8217;s breaking an ankle under my watch)
 water bottle (to stay hydrated, of course)
 marriage license (you&#8217;re getting married!!!!)
 rings (to seal the deal)
 wedding attire (to feel absolutely amazing in)
 snacks (because food is life)
Utah Venues We Love For The Best Utah Adventure Weddings
 OK, it’s time to chat about the best wedding venues in Utah for those who are looking to elope, or for those seeking a more traditional (yet still totally adventurous) Utah wedding experience. 
 One of the things we love most about Utah is the unbeatable landscape, and the fact that so many incredible venues have taken advantage of planting themselves smack dab in the center of the stunning scenery. This allows them to give not-so-average couples the not-so-average Utah adventure wedding they’ve been dreaming of. 
Small Wedding Venues In Utah
 If you’re looking for small wedding venues in Utah that have that special adventurous shine, look no further than somewhere like the Red Earth Venue , which offers outstanding views and an unbeatable earthy ambiance. Or try venues that offer glamping, like Under Canvas in Zion , which takes adventure wedding camping to an entirely new and glamorous level. Airbnbs can also serve as outstanding adventure wedding venues, as Zion Villa proves with its phenomenal variety of luxurious accommodations and rugged scenery. 
 If you’re looking for something a little more elegant that still leads you off the beaten path, you might consider resorts like the Amangari . This five-star resort hotel is settled somehow quaintly in what feels like the virgin Utah landscape. We also love the small but mighty Lazalu , which boasts the perfect atmosphere to combine elopement-style adventure with guest-friendly accommodations. 
Not sold on any of the venues above? Public land in Utah can also serve as a venue for the ceremony of your dreams, regardless of if you plan on eloping or tying the knot in front of a crowd. 
 You can scroll down now for a list of some of our favorite national parks and other public spaces to call your own on the day you wed. Otherwise, keep reading, because we’re about to talk about how to plan an elopement-style wedding (and see why Utah has its perks for such an occasion!).
Vendors We Know And Love For Any Utah Elopement
 Whether you’re exchanging rings on a mountain cliffside or in front of your family in a Utah venue, you still may need some help planning and facilitating the adventure wedding of a lifetime. 
 Not sure which vendors are best for an adventure wedding that’s out of this world? Here are some of our go-to’s.
 Utah Wedding Planners
 We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again — even elopers need to have something of a plan! In fact, if you’re considering an adventure wedding in Utah, you may need a little more help with planning than usual. Adventure weddings are unique, and there may be a lot you haven’t thought of.
 We know experts who can help you plan the adventure wedding of your dreams, like our girl SunRae Planning , who specializes in elopements and all the key factors that go along with them. 
 We also recommend checking out Mea&Co Creative , as they’re also well-known for destination planning when it comes to elopements and adventure weddings. Forever More Events is another planner who’ll have you in good hands, especially when it comes to planning elopements outdoors that require special attention to those tiny and often overlooked details.
 Hair And Makeup Artists 
 Your wedding or elopement is the adventure of a lifetime, and you want to look the part. That’s why a wedding tradition like hiring a hair and makeup artist for your special day is still something you might want to consider. 
 We have several we love for the occasion, including our friends at Something Ginger , who are well-versed in the uniqueness of elopements and destination weddings. The same goes for the supremely talented Lesley Lind and the amazing artists at The Honey Salon . 
 You might also consider the incredible Chantry Wagstaff or the amazing Brynn Thomas . Lindsey Vaccaro with L.V. Bridal Design also does some incredible work, as do our friends at Wild Cactus Weddings Hair and Makeup. 
 Utah Wedding Florists
 You certainly can’t forget the florist when putting together your adventure wedding, especially if you’re opting for a venue as opposed to getting married outdoors in Utah. 
 Some of the best florists for an adventure wedding include our talented friends at Tangled Sage , who offer breathtaking assortments that fit perfectly with Utah’s red-toned landscape. 
 Tellurian Events share similar vibes, with their arrangements looking like pieces of art. We also love Bloomers Flowers and The Potted Pansy for any adventurous couple looking to add some color to their event. 
 Caterers & Private Chefs
 Alright, now let’s talk food! Your adventure wedding should satisfy all your senses, including taste, and that’s why we couldn’t leave you without recommending some of the best caterers and private chefs for your big day. 
 For a more intimate setting or a private elopement, we absolutely recommend looking into Moab private chefs. Chefs like Jeff Crosland are renowned for some of their delightful dishes, and for incredible desserts and cakes, check out Tulie Bakery. 
eloping with your dog 
Can I bring my dog to my Utah elopement?
 hell to the yes!
 After doing this for 4 years, i&#8217;ve gotten really good at taking dog pictures, as well as holding dog leashes! I also have two dogs of my own, and foster whenever I can. I&#8217;m a huge dog lover, so when I say hell to the yes, you can elope withy our dog , bring your dog, I mean it! 🐾
 Planning on bringing your dog to your elopement? Check out this blog post I made just for you! 👇
Tips for Avoiding Crowds When Eloping in Utah
elope on a weekday. most visitors come during the weekends, and that&#8217;s when most people recreate outside too!
Opt for a Utah elopement location that’s harder to get to. High-elevation hiking trails or 4&#215;4 routes are less likely to draw huge crowds. Your elopement photographers can be a great resource for helping you pick the right location!
Schedule a photoshoot at sunrise or sunset. Crowds are heaviest in the middle of the day. Sunrise in particular is an excellent time to beat the crowds.
Real Utah elopements.
 told through my lens.
 A Sun-Kissed Adventure | A Sunrise Elopement in Moab, Utah 
Desert Dreams | Moab, Utah Adventure Elopement 
Moab Wedding | Magic at The Red Earth Venue 
see more galleries 
Pricing
Wanna see the pricing?
click on the orange button to see my utah elopement packages & pricing 
 and if you don&#8217;t see what you&#8217;re looking for, reach out for a custom quote!
 utah elopement packages & pricing 
Practicing Leave No Trace during your Utah Elopement 
 Leave The Smallest Footprint Possible!
 Let’s talk about how you can have an adventure wedding or Utah elopement while also ensuring the precious Utah landscape goes unscathed. 
 Utah is a gorgeous state with miles of untouched beauty, and we want to keep it pristine and protected. Make sure you’re prepared to leave the smallest footprint possible by staying on designated trails, avoiding littering, and refraining from removing or disturbing vegetation. 
 It’s also important to be aware of cryptobiotic soil (AKA crypto), which contains living organisms that are incredibly fragile yet incredibly important to our ecosystem. Crypto actually helps reduce erosion and thus preserves Utah’s deserts , so it’s important not to walk over it when making your way to your wedding destination. 
 Doing plenty of research before you hit the trails on your Utah elopement day can help, but so can having an expert along for the adventure. Guides are a great addition to your wedding party team, and so is an experienced Utah elopement photographer who knows their way around the Utah landscape. 
By following Leave No Trace principles , you can help protect the beauty of Utah for future generations to enjoy. Not to mention, you&#8217;ll be able to feel good about the impact of your elopement on the environment. It&#8217;s a win-win!
get to know me! 
Your Utah elopement starts here!
 hey, i&#8217;m kelly! your Utah elopement photographer !
 Hi! I’m Kelly, (that’s me &gt;&gt;&gt;). I have been working full time as an adventure elopement photographer in Colorado and Utah for about 4 years now. I’ve helped over 100 couples just like you have the elopement of their dreams.
 I usually am pretty involved with my couples and their planning for their big day. I suggest vendors you can work with, will create a timeline for your big day, nail down permits, help you get your Utah marriage license, and just make sure you have the best damn day. Keep scrolling down a bit further if you want to see The Ultimate Utah Elopement Planning Guide, where I go over all my tips and tricks, and get you completely prepared for your Utah elopement!
 Why? Because when your elopement day, location, and timing are planned just right, your pictures will turn out incredible.
 With me as your Utah elopement photographer, you can spend more time loving and adventuring and less time planning your Utah elopement. 
 This business has become so much more than a job and I feel truly honored to call so many clients my friends. It would be a pleasure to work with you and your soon-to-be spouse as we plan and execute your dream Utah elopement in the places I now call home.
Let&#8217;s talk about your Utah elopement!
 fill out the form below and i&#8217;ll be in touch within 24 hours!
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Your Name * 
 Your Partners Name (feel free to include pronouns) 
 Phone 
 Email * 
 Where do you want to get married? (country, state, type of scenery, please be as specific as you can.) 
 When do you want to get married? Is your date flexible? (please include the year) 
 Guest count 
 What is your favorite random memory or adventure you've had with your partner? 
Submit! 
FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM
 COLORADO ELOPEMENT PHOTOGRAPHER
 Watch the Behind the Scenes as elopements unfold in my stories, see what adventures i&#8217;m going on, and find out when I release free elopement planning resources on my adventure elopement blog!
 @INLOVEANDADVENTURE
inloveandadventure
 Hi, i’m Kelly!👋I photograph small weddings & elopements for couples looking to escape traditions. Based in Grand Junction, Colorado
 Colorado🏔️& Moab🏜️
Before moving to Colorado, i’d never seen wildflow 
Lily reached out to me of April of last year, 14 m 
Alpenglow, rocky mountain columbines, a quiet lake 
Brady + Natalie’s elopement this week was the firs 
Kelly is an adventure wedding and elopement photographer based out of Grand Junction, Colorado . Her work is inspired by love, storytelling, and nature. She works with couples looking to ditch traditions on their wedding day, and helps them create an unforgettable experience. 
 Elopement planning and photography available in: The entire state of Colorado , Including: Telluride , Ouray , Crested Butte ,  Vail , Rocky Mountain National Park , Estes Park , Great Sand Dunes National Park , Breckenridge , Aspen , Leadville , Twin Lakes , + more . And the entire state of Utah, including: Moab, + more . 
Colorado Elopement Photographer 
 Based in Grand Junction, CO 
 hello@inloveandadventure.com 
 ‪(970) 205-9103‬
Contact 
 About 
 Portfolio 
 Elopement Packages &#038; Pricing 
 Best Places to Elope in Colorado 
 Colorado Elopement Planning Guide 
 Moab Elopement Packages 
 For Other Adventure Elopement Photographers 
 What is eloping? Read the modern definition 
 Grand Junction Wedding Photographer 
In love And Adventure Copyright 2026 | Design by Gatto | Privacy Policy