Candace Cross Photography: Fine Art Wedding Photography 
Blog
 Contact
 Gallery
 About
 Home
ABOUT PORTFOLIO REVIEWS CONTACT BLOG ...capturing the timeless grace and beauty of love
" Words Cannot express my love and appreciation for this woman and all she did to make my special day perfect. I shared the vision we had for our wedding and the type of photos we were looking for .... Dramatic, editorial, and dreamy. She nailed it!!! Not only are these beautiful pictures, but her kind heart and gentle spirit were exactly what I wanted on that day." 
Menu:
01
ABOUT
Candace Cross
Fine Art wedding & editorial photographer
Colorado . Charleston . Worldwide
Blog Contact PORTFOLIO About Home REVIEWS 
As a wife and mother of three daughters, Candace understands the beauty and intimacy of love, and she channels that understanding into her work as a fine art wedding, editorial, and lifestyle photographer. Her images are timeless, capturing the essence of every moment with a candid eye and an artist's touch. 
With a passion for travel and an eye for luxury, Candace seeks out the most breathtaking locations and creates images that are both captivating and elegant. Her photographs tell a story, weaving together the threads of emotion, beauty, and love to create a tapestry that will be treasured for a lifetime. 
Candace's dedication to her craft is evident in every photograph she takes. Whether capturing the details of a wedding, the intimacy of a portrait session, or the vibrancy of a lifestyle shoot, she brings an artist's vision and a storyteller's heart to every project. 
02
PORTFOLIO
Adorn
Couture Colorado
Rocky Mountain Bride
So Dearly Beloved
Durango Weddings Magazine
Borrowed and Blue
Utterly Engaged 
Publications
I feel incredibly grateful to have worked along side some incredible talented vendors, in capturing some of the loveliest moments with the sweetest couples. It is always an honor to be able to share their love and story with a few of my favorite publications and with their readers...
~Candace
Weddings + Engagement
 SELECT ONE:
LifeStyle + Travel
 editorial
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
03
REVIEWS
CONTACT
04
Words cannot begin to describe Candace's work and all that she captured. I feel as though I relive the best day of my life every time I scroll through the photographs. She and her team were a delight to work with and did an incredible job of catching the candid, intimate moments of my day! 
best day of my life" 
"I feel as though I relive the
Darin + Jessa
Telluride WEdding
Candace did a phenomenal job capturing our big day. From the getting ready photos all the way to the after party we have truly been able to relive our wedding day because of her amazing shots. Candace has an incredibly calm and soothing vibe that allows her to move around with her camera and you never even know she’s there. She has an exceptional talent and eye and we are so grateful to have had her as our wedding photographer.
"She has an exceptional talent and eye"
Dan + Hannah
Silverton, CO
Next Review 
Submit Form
HEAR FROM YOU
We can't wait to 
Your message has been sent.
We'll BE IN TOUCH SHORTLY!
THANK
YOU!
Meanwhile:
@candacecrossphotography
 All the pretty on the daily:
@candacecrossphotography
|
Blog Contact PORTFOLIO About Home X
REVIEWS