Breckenridge Elopement Photographer 
contact blog WEDDINGS elopements about home 
 portfolio 
Love is an Adventure
Colorado & Destinations Worldwide
Elopements & intimate Weddings
Dreaming of exchanging vows at the top of a glacier in Alaska? Or skiing down the Rockies after you say “I do”? We say the bigger adventure, the better!
Adventure Elopement
Whether it's just the two of you, or a special few family and friends, we'll document the “big event” and some portraits before and/or after.
Elopements
We'll capture the meaningful moments of your 50 person or less celebration - starting with you getting ready. And continuing through to your reception.
Intimate Weddings
Choose Your Adventure
Helping You Navigate 
the Journey
Choosing to elope makes your day even more personal and intentional.
Because it’s never about the size of the celebration—
It’s about the heart behind it.
OUR ELOPEMENT PLANNING PROCESS
GET IN TOUCH
 We’ll schedule a final meeting within two weeks of your celebration to go over all the details. Since we’ll help you create a personalized timeline, you’ll head into your day knowing exactly how it will unfold—from start to finish—so you can relax, stay present, and enjoy every moment as it happens.
07. final meeting
Believe it or not, some of the most stunning photographs happen in unexpected weather—wind, fog, even a little rain can create magic. That said, we’ll always prepare a thoughtful backup plan (or two) just in case. Our goal is to keep things stress-free and beautiful, no matter what the forecast decides to do.
06. Weather Backup
We’re here to make the entire experience seamless—from start to finish. Need a florist? Hair and makeup artist? An officiant, private chef, or even a great spot for a celebratory dinner? We’ve got you covered. We’ll help you connect you with trusted vendors who align with your style and vision.
05. Vendor Recommendations
Share your ideas for where you imagine saying your vows—or let us help. We’ll suggest ceremony locations based on your vision, local weather, and foot traffic, and craft a plan that captures your love in the great outdoors. Need help securing a permit? We’ve got that covered, too. It’s all part of the experience.
04. Location sourcing
Relax knowing exactly how your day will unfold. Eloping is more than simply showing up and saying your vows—it’s an experience. We’ll help you create a thoughtful timeline that includes everything from vendor details to transportation and activities, so the day flows smoothly and you can stay present for every meaningful moment.
03. timeline Planning
We require a two-hour minimum Monday through Thursday, and a three-hour minimum Friday through Sunday, for elopements and intimate weddings. This ensures we have enough time to capture the meaningful moments, genuine expressions, and the beauty of your surroundings—without rushing the experience or missing the in-between moments that make your day truly unforgettable.
02. coverage
To elope is a deeply personal and intimate choice—and we believe your experience should feel just as meaningful. We take the time to truly get to know you, so by the time your day arrives, it feels like friends by your side. Every detail is thoughtfully tailored to reflect who you are and what matters most.
01. connect
Crafting a Day 
That Feels Like You
KIND WORDS
- Morgan + Dan -
"We couldn't imagine our wedding day without Sarah. She was a fantastic communicator, proactive in her planning, and an absolute joy to spend the day with. She went above and beyond, taking care of everything you'd expect—and so much more."
- client name -
Jelly-o apple pie marshmallow lemon drops pie tart icing bonbon. Fruitcake tiramisu cake jujubes tootsie roll topping. Cookie candy canes sweet roll gummi bears powder pastry gummies gingerbread danish.
submit 
Want to chat right now
Feel free to call,text or email
Thank you
We are so excited to connect with you about your wedding or session. We typically try to respond to inquiries right away within 24 hours, except on weddings weekends where it may take longer. 
If you have any immediate questions please text us at 303.905.9740 for a faster response. 
We Can't wait to connect soon
follow us on instagram @sarahroshanphoto
 Romantic. gracious. carefree
contact
 sarah@sarahroshan.com
 303.905.9740
 we're social
Images copyright 2025 sarah roshan collective
 available worldwide
privacy policy