Best Breckenridge & Denver Colorado Wedding Photographer | Sarah Roshan 
contact blog WEDDINGS elopements about home 
 portfolio 
It all started in high school when I discovered theatre. I became fascinated with learning about and embodying another person’s story.
That fascination drove me to get my degree in theatre direction. It was then, while freelancing at professional theatre companies all over Colorado, that I picked up a camera for the first time. And in 2008, decided to pursue a formal education in photography at the Art Institute of Colorado. 
Shortly after, I photographed my first wedding. And found my true calling.
I quickly discovered that​​​​​​​ my comfort in directing actors and telling entertaining stories, seamlessly translated​​​​​​​ into directing real couples and telling real stories. 
Now, along with my team, we honor your day with story-driven imagery.
I was born to tell stories
Let the Moments 
Speak for Themselves
Natural Photos & Amazing Experiences
more beliefs that match yours -&gt;
Be it a romantic garden in Virginia, a vineyard in Napa, a beach in Lanai, or a mountain top in Colorado - for us, there is no greater sight to behold than that of a beautiful outdoor view. And there is no greater experience than immersing yourself in different cultures.
Mother nature is where we find the greatest sense of peace. It's where we enjoy spending our free time. And where we feel most comfortable. So, it's only natural that photographing outdoors is where our specialty lies.
Over the past 11 years, we've mastered the art of capturing natural light. And we know how to expertly capture an image that highlights both you and the beautiful location you've decided to say "I do."
In The Great Outdoors
In What Matters Most to You
Like most couples, you might have an internal struggle between wanting beautiful portraits or spending time with your loved ones. Or, you might be concerned your photographer will miss certain moments.
This is why before your wedding day, you'll fill out a detailed questionnaire - so that we can learn what all is important for you to be photographed. Then, we'll collaborate with your planner to create an extensive timeline that includes photo ops of all of the important events, moments, and people you want to remember.
At the end of the day, this is your day. We’ll help you find the balance of how you want to spend it - with beautiful photos to remember it by.
more beliefs that match yours ---&gt;
Connection, Comfort, and Confidence Make for the Best Photos
Here's a secret: If you want to love your photos, it helps to feel confident in front of the camera. And to feel confident in front of the camera, you need to feel comfortable with your photographer.
From the get-go, we'll talk about your expectations. We'll make ourselves easily accessible and communicate quickly. And we'll provide an unbiased and professional opinion that considers your best interests. 
While our team has a more laid-back approach, we're not afraid to be assertive.
We know how to strike a balance between letting a moment unfold naturally and guiding you so that you feel confident and comfortable.
more beliefs that match yours ---&gt;
We Should Be More Than "Photographers"
Our job is to do more than photograph your wedding. It's to make sure your wedding day is the best it possibly can be. 
In addition to the help you'll receive from your planner, we're here to help steer you in the right direction. Whether that's location scouting to find the best outdoor (and indoor) locations around your venue. Flexing our networking muscles to connect you with the best vendors​​​​​​​. ​​​​​​​Or acts of service like bustling your dress or tying your bow tie.
Our dedication to creating memorable experiences knows almost no bounds.
more beliefs that match yours ---&gt;
In Equality for All
Whether you are straight or gay. White or brown-skinned. Pray to a higher being or none at all. We believe every person's story deserves to be told. 
Marriage is about love, not gender. Black lives matter. Each story is different. And we honor them all. ​​​​​​​
Also, dogs (& cats) are as important as people. And we welcome them, with open arms, always.​​​​​​​
ready to take the next step in your journey?
Contact us
01
 02
 03
 04
 05
We Believe...
KIND WORDS
- stephanie + richard -
"What truly sets Sarah apart is that she actually wants to get to know you and your significant other before she even takes the first shot. In the weeks leading up to it, she helped us with a detailed timeline and an extensive shot list to make sure we didn’t forget anything or anyone during the chaos of our big day."
- client name -
Jelly-o apple pie marshmallow lemon drops pie tart icing bonbon. Fruitcake tiramisu cake jujubes tootsie roll topping. Cookie candy canes sweet roll gummi bears powder pastry gummies gingerbread danish.
Causes We Believe In
Life is precious and deserves to be lived joyfully - no matter who you love. We happily support The Trevor Project: An organization focused on suicide prevention amongst the LGBTQ+ community.
We are dedicated to making our world more sustainably responsible and carbon neutral. To offset our carbon footprint, we partner with One Tree Planted to plant 25 trees for every wedding booked.
The Trevor Project
Environmental Sustainability
Meet the Team
Sarah
Owner/Photographer
John
Photographer
ARIANA
Photographer
Cody
Photographer
ben
videographer
(click on our photos to learn more about us and view portfolios)
Brooke
Photographer
KIND WORDS
Brittany Richardson
planner
"I personally love the clarity in her photos and when working with her, how detailed she is when it comes to getting the perfect shot. She is great at capturing the littlest moments that mean the most."
- client name -
Jelly-o apple pie marshmallow lemon drops pie tart icing bonbon. Fruitcake tiramisu cake jujubes tootsie roll topping. Cookie candy canes sweet roll gummi bears powder pastry gummies gingerbread danish.
submit 
Want to chat right now
Feel free to call,text or email
sarah@sarahroshan.com
 303.905.9740
Thank you
We respond to inquiries within 24 hours. If it’s a wedding weekend, it may take us just a bit longer—but we promise to be in touch as soon as we can. If you don't see a reply please check your junk folder. 
Have a quick question? Feel free to call or text us at 303.905.9740 or email sarah@sarahroshan.com for a faster response.
We will be in touch soon! 
We Can't wait to connect soon
follow us on instagram @sarahroshanphoto
 Romantic. gracious. carefree
contact
 sarah@sarahroshan.com
 303.905.9740
 we're social
Images copyright 2025 sarah roshan collective
 available worldwide
privacy policy