FAQs - Best Wedding Photographer Doug Treiber Photography 
Portfolio 
Investment 
FAQs 
Products 
Blog 
Contact 
Select Page 
FaQs
Where are you based?
We live and work in Breckenridge, Colorado.
What is your approach to wedding and elopement photography?
We are a husband and wife team and love to have adventures with our couples! Our approach is very organic. We want our photos to encapsulate our couple&#8217;s personalities. We spend time getting to know each couple so the photos are a unique and personal reflection of your lives and personalities.
Can you travel to other mountain locations in Colorado for weddings?
Yes! We primarily shoot in Breckenridge, Vail, Beaver Creek, Steamboat, Winter Park, and Aspen but we are available to travel worldwide! We have shot in many locations across the US and Europe. For locations that are farther than 2 hours from our home in Breckenridge travel fees may apply.
How far in advance should we book your wedding photography services?
Typically couples book 6-12 months in advance for larger weddings. We recommend contacting us early in the process to inquire about available dates. Couples can also book a date by signing our contract and paying the retainer fee even if they are not 100% sure of their other wedding details.
Do you offer engagement sessions in addition to wedding day coverage?
Yes! Engagement sessions are a great way for couples to get comfortable in front of the camera and for us to get to know our couples and what they enjoy. The engagement photos are always a fun adventure!
Do you offer rehearsal dinner coverage in addition to wedding day coverage?
Yes! Rehearsal dinner and welcome party coverage is an amazing way for couples to add truly meaningful photos to their wedding sets. We get to spend some laid-back time with all the most important people involved in the wedding and capture some very memorable candid shots. It also helps everyone get comfortable with the cameras before the big day!
What is your pricing structure for wedding photography packages?
Our full day wedding photography packages start at $4500 and include unlimited wedding day coverage with two photographers, an engagement session OR rehearsal dinner coverage and a private gallery of photos. Couples have print rights to all photos delivered in the final gallery.
We have many more packages available and can customize a package to fit your exact needs!
What is your pricing structure for elopement photography packages?
Elopement coverage starts at $1200 for 2 hours of coverage. Couples can add extra hours for $500 an hour. 4 hours is the maximum number of hours for an elopement package. If a couple wants more hours they would move to a full-day wedding package.
Are there additional fees for travel?
If the location is more than 2 hours from Breckenridge, Colorado travel fees may apply.
How many hours of coverage are included in your standard wedding package?
Our full-day wedding coverage is “unlimited”. This means we work with you/your planner to figure out the timeline for the day and when the best “start” time would be. We are there for the remainder of the wedding until the reception is over! We like the “unlimited” approach because it really takes the stress off our couples having to worry about completing important aspects of the wedding in a predetermined amount of time.
Can you accommodate last-minute bookings or elopements?
Yes! If we have the date available we will take bookings with as little as 24 hours notice.
Do you have experience shooting in various weather conditions common to mountain regions?
Yes! Being in the mountains and shooting outside for the majority of our weddings we have encountered everything from massive rain storms to freezing cold blizzards! We are prepared to take photos in any weather condition and can help our couples understand and prepare for the weather they may encounter on their wedding/elopement day.
Are there any restrictions or considerations for photography in outdoor mountain settings?
Depending on the location, a permit may be required to take photos in certain areas. We can help couples figure out if a permit is necessary or find places where one is not needed. For couples coming from out of town, it is very important to consider the effects of altitude and weather. Plan extra time before the wedding to acclimatize to the high altitude. Always rent a 4-wheel drive vehicle with good clearance and good tires as many of the locations are “off the beaten path”.
How do you handle family portraits and group shots during the wedding day?
A month or so before the wedding we send out an info sheet for our couples to fill out that is a “catch-all” information document we need on the wedding day. This includes a list of family photos for formal portraits. Jackie will read the names off and line people up while Doug takes the photos. The info sheet will also have areas to list other important photos or “things” to photograph that may not be overly obvious to us.
Do you offer a second photographer as part of your wedding packages?
We are a husband and wife team who works together 100% of the time. While we do not consider one of ourselves the first or second photographer there are always two of us!
What is your turnaround time for delivering edited wedding photos?
This largely depends on the time of year the wedding/elopement occurs. Our contract specifies we have up to 8 weeks to deliver images however we normally deliver them within 2 weeks.
Are digital files included in the wedding photography package, or are they an additional cost?
Yes! Couples will receive a password-protected gallery of finished images where they can then download the high-resolution images for backup and storage. The galleries stay active indefinitely but it is prudent to download and backup photos immediately after receiving them.
Are you familiar with the best locations for outdoor ceremonies and receptions in Colorado?
We have an extensive list of locations and can certainly make recommendations for our couples!
Can you provide client testimonials or references from previous mountain weddings?
Yes! We can send references upon request.
What is your backup plan in case of equipment failure or unforeseen circumstances?
We carry plenty of backup gear in case something breaks or gets lost during the wedding or elopement coverage.
Can you accommodate different cultural or religious wedding traditions?
Certainly! We have photographed a wide range of cultural and religious traditions and we are always respectful of each one&#8217;s different customs and rules.
Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
216-308-0361 • Doug Treiber Photography 
Classic • Stylish • Storytelling
© 2024 Doug Treiber Photography &#8211; Breckenridge, Colorado &#8211; Also serving Denver , Aspen , Vail , Beaver Creek , Keystone and all of Summit County 
Call us Now