Colorado Elopement Photographer - Clyde Plasencia 
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
schedule your free consultation Based in a small Colorado mountain town
Blending portraiture and landscape
for a true-to-self wedding day in the backcountry 
your local COLORADO ELOPEMENT PHOTOGRAPHER
Most people think of eloping as just having a small, quick, and intimate ceremony, but it's so much more than that! 
Being able to get ready at your own pace, arranging the timeline of your day in a way that fits your vision, and going to the places that mean the most - these are all aspects of a vacation-like wedding day that eloping makes possible!
it's so much more than just a ceremony
The best experiences and pictures come from days where you can let go, relax, and be yourselves. What does that look like for you? 
Cold plunging in an alpine lake?
Taking a scenic walk through the woods?
Going on an overnight camping adventure?
No matter what, let's make it a day to remember!
your wedding day should feel like a , not an obligation
vacation
From clients
Kind words
Colorado wedding photographer
- maria & Luke
"As someone who researches EVERYTHING, I feel like we hit the jackpot in hiring Clyde for our wedding. He went above and beyond in every aspect, from the planning process to the day of our wedding. He’s professional, talented, and just an overall great person. When reminiscing on our day, family and friends often mention 'How great our photographer was'. Searching for wedding vendors can be overwhelming so let this be your sign to hire Clyde! Can’t recommend him enough."
- jesse & brandon
"Clyde was absolutely amazing! From the moment we met him, he made us feel completely comfortable — like we’d known him forever. He took the time to learn everyone’s names and truly felt like part of the family by the end of the day. His talent and professionalism are unmatched. He captured every moment we hoped for, and every photo reflects the joy and emotion of the day. We’re so grateful for his work and couldn’t recommend him more highly. Thank you, Clyde!"
- betty & Andrew
"Clyde is an amazing photographer, person, and creative who deeply cares about his clients and their vision. As many people are, I'm incredibly camera shy, and Clyde was able to find a balance between posing us and organic movement while instilling confidence. We are constantly complimented on our photos and couldn't be happier!"
Born and raised in the Colorado, I've been exploring these mountains and snapping pictures my whole life. After growing up backpacking and camping, and attending college for photography right here in the Rockies, I've found my joy in working with couples to capture their love and the beauty of nature around them.
learn more about me I've found my joy in working with couples to capture their love and the beauty of nature around them. My goal is to document a day that reflects your interests and passions in a scene that allows you to enjoy every minute of it, and each other, to the fullest!
Hi, i'm clyde
Using digital and film photography, and my experience in the outdoors, I help couples who are looking to take the leap to elope in the backcountry.
Whether it's a jaunt around a National Park, a day spent climbing a 4x4 trail, or even setting up camp with your closest friends and family for the night - We'll figure out the ideal location and timeline that creates your picture-perfect celebration
However your ideal day looks, I'm here to help. For you, this is a time to slow down, enjoy every minute, and be excited to tell people about it for the rest of your lives
pricing & packages 
What I do
Here's how it all works
Step 1 - Let's chat
Let's get to know each other! I want to learn about you, your relationship, and your vision for the day. This is the most essential part of tailoring your elopement to you as individuals and a couple
Step 2 - planning & preperation
Timelines, permitting, choosing a location, adding activities throughout the day - All of this amounts to creating your once-in-a-lifetime day to you and your relationship, and I believe having open communication and collaboration is the best way to make it happen.
Step 3 - sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride
On the day-of, you get to live life to the fullest. I'll be your shadow for the day, but always at your side to capture everything as it unfolds!
ready to get started? 
book your free consultation today
Send It! 
let me get to know you!
Due to the scheduling of weddings and elopements, if you reach out during the weekend I'll may get back to you on Monday!
Thank you!
Print shop
Landscape
tales from the blog
recent work / landscape / lifestyle / travel / adventure
Copywrite 2026 | Genoa photography
Clyde Plasencia
colorado elopement photographer,
based in boulder
Blog inquire galleries
ABOUT HOME 
pricing