Pricing | Colorado Wedding Photographer | Clyde Plasencia 
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
a look at pricing and process
from all day adventures to overnight elopements 
Colorado wedding packages
I'm here for you every step of the way. From our first meeting until long after your gallery is delivered, my goal is for you to not only love your pictures, but be stress free and have fun along the way
Elopements by they're very nature are non-traditional and not uniformed. these days come in all forms and sizes. Whether you're planning on a small, short ceremony with couple's photos afterwards, or an multi-day trip, this journey is about creating images and a plan that fit you.
As your photographer, 
Here's what an elopement with me looks like...
Part of what makes this my dream job is the people I meet. I have been extremely lucky to become friends with so many of the amazing people I work with - let's keep that trend going!
Friends for Life
Your finished gallery will remain hosted and fully accessible from a minimum of 1 year from it's delivery date. Unlimited sharing, unlimited downloads at the full-resolution.
Gallery Hosted for a minimum of 1 year
And depending on the time of year, sometimes even faster! Typically, the full gallery can be delivered within 4 weeks in the slower months of November - March, with a 6-8 week being more common April - October 
Full Gallery Delivered Within 6-8 weeks
Within 2 days of the wedding I'll send you a preview gallery with some of my favorite images throughout the day
Preview Gallery Within 48 Hours
It doesn't stop once the wedding day is over. Between the preview gallery and editing, we'll stay in touch!
after the wedding day
For most of my clients this is the first time they've had profession pictures taken. I know how awkward it can be, so my promise to you is to make it as fun and relaxing as possible
Hype, Support, and Positive Vibes
Pictures come alive with motion. My approach to posing is somewhat laid back and focuses more on prompts. Even an act as simple as walking and holding hands helps covey emotion
Casual Posing & Prompts 
Unless you're booking a multi-day elopement that will require lodging, I do not charge any travel fees in within the state. If we're looking out of state, I only charge the cost of travel itself - nothing more!
No Travel Fees in the State of Colorado
Film photography has always been a passion of mine, which is why I include a minimum of 3 rolls of film for every elopement. This can be color or black and white, 35mm or medium format
Digital, 35mm, and Medium format
on the wedding day
The FUN part! All the preperation and planning is done, now it's time to sit back and enjoy the ride
Even if I haven't been to a specific area before, I know of many vendors willing to travel or can assist in vetting new ones.
Vendor & Lodging Recommendations
From example timelines of weddings past to constructing your own, building a personalized day-of timeline is the most important step in planning out your day
personalized Timeline Building 
From all my years spent exploring, I have a plethora of scenic spots on my map - some well know, some hidden gems; or, if you have a place in mind already I'm more than happy to go check it out!
Location Recommendations & Scouting
Want to sit down and work on your plan together? Once you've booked with me it's not just about the wedding day. I'm a strong believer in communication, and I'm always just a phone call away 
Unlimited Access to Consultations
Arguably, just as important as the day itself. The most enjoyable and rewarding wedding days come through open communication and thorough preperation!
Before the wedding day
Regardless of the amount of time booked, each of my elopements include the following:
what all is included?
- jessica & lee
Clyde was an absolute joy to work with for our wedding day. From the very first interaction, Clyde was easy to get in contact with and had a friendly, laid-back communication style that immediately put us at ease. His excellent photography skills and beautiful, natural style were exactly what we were looking for. Clyde made us feel special and contributed to a less stressful, fun day overall. He has an easygoing, laid-back approach that allowed us to simply enjoy the moment without feeling like anything was forced. We were thrilled with the landscape shots he captured and how he made everyone in our wedding party feel comfortable in front of the camera. We feel so lucky to have found Clyde and will definitely use him again in the future. We highly recommend Clyde to any couple looking for an exceptional wedding photographer.
- becca & wes
We had the best experience working with Clyde for our Wedding in Salida, CO last June. Our pictures turned out so amazing and he made the process so smooth and easy, it was like working with a close friend. Our beautiful rainy day was captured perfectly, even ending with a rainbow. We couldn’t recommend him enough, in fact our close friends already booked him for their wedding in September! Thank you for everything Clyde!
- krystiana & Tylor
10/10 experience! Personal, chill but professional, made it a comfortable experience for everyone and I love how into it he was. You could really tell he wants the best shots and to have fun. We got a variety of scenes throughout our 4 hrs at RMNP and phenomenal shots to capture our special day. Would highly recommend!
Previous
 Next
 what couples have to say
overnight
full day
Half day
Get started! 
back
Half day elopements are perfect for couples who elope with only themselves and a few guests. 4 hours of coverage gives us enough time for glimpses of getting ready, the ceremony itself, and time for couple's photos - all while giving us a bit of wiggle room for travel throughout the day
Starting at $2,500 
half day - 4 hours of coverage
back
Full day elopements give you the opportunity for longer hikes, outings, or activities to fit into your wedding day without feeling rushed or hurried. If you're looking to document your wedding day from the Getting Ready process to the end of an intimate dinner, this is the way to go! 
Starting at $4,500 
full day - 8 hours of coverage
Get started! 
back
For the most adventurous of couples who want their wedding day to be wedding days . Overnight elopements can look like a car camping trip, reserving a group campground with friends and family, or even backpacking into a Wilderness Area with just you and your partner. This is where the rest of the world truly falls away and you can spend an extended amount of time living in the moment
Starting at $6,000 
overnight & multi-day coverage
Get started! 
All offerings reflect starting rates and are thoughtfully tailored to each client. Once we meet and discuss your individual needs I can build you a proper quote!
prices
Definitely! Unless you have a planner, your photographer is your main vendor who will be involved and invested in your schedule and logistics. I can help you with location scouting, timeline planning, permitting and more!
Can you help with other logistical planning?
Absolutely! I have worked out of state on many occasions and love to do so. Most of my work takes me all across Colorado, where travel fees are included in each package, but let me know if you want me to come further!
Do you travel?
The answer to this highly depends on the year because booking trends change all the time! Some years my fall calendar is fully booked before my summer, other years vise versa, so the answer is book as soon as you know I'm who you want to work with!
How far in advance should we book?
Frequently asked questions
I keep your finished gallery hosted for one year after the time I deliver it to your inbox! If you'd like to have it hosted for more than a year, it can kept up for a yearly hosting fee, if you don't opt for this option I will still always keep your photos somewhere safe in case you ever need them re-uploaded.
How long will I have access to my photos?
?
inquire now
or anywhere else you want to go
Across the rocky mountains
Ready to get started?
Copywrite 2026 | Genoa photography
Clyde Plasencia
colorado elopement photographer,
based in boulder
Blog inquire galleries
ABOUT HOME 
pricing