Your Local Boulder Wedding Photographer | Clyde Plasencia 
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
inquire
 Blog pricing
 galleries 
 About Clyde Plasencia
Meet your local Photographer, clyde
Boulder Wedding Photographer
Clyde was absolutely amazing! From the moment we met him, he made us feel completely comfortable — like we’d known him forever.
- Jesse
I've always felt most comfortable with a camera in my hands. In every day life you can see an opportunity for a great picture almost anywhere - it just takes luck and speed to capture it from there. Throughout my years of taking pictures, I've found a joy and passion in capturing couples who love each other, nature, and being in the thick of it.
After spending my life immersed in the mountains backpacking, skiing, off-roading, and even competitive sailing on alpine lakes, I want to deliver couples with an experience that reflects all of the reasons that I love living in Colorado.
Your experience doesn't have to be as intense as sailing as alpine lakes, though. One of the things I love most about this life is just sitting on the deck with my dogs - it can be that easy!
A bit about my approach to photography
why i chose photography in the first place
a bit more about me
Born and raised in Boulder, I grew up with Chautauqua and the Flatirons as my backyard. In the summers I would go to a backpacking and 14er climbing camp, and from there my love for nature and exploring was ignited. 
Eventually, I moved to the Roaring Fork Valley to study photography, and continued to live there and enjoy all the aspects of life The Valley had to offer. After nearly 10 years of living there, I moved back to the Front Range where my wife and I have built our picture perfect life. 
We currently live on the edge of Boulder County at 9,400ft with our two dogs, Atlas and Helo, and our cat Harvey. You'll often find the 5 of us frolicking through the forest, eating an obscene amount of tacos, or binge watching whatever TV show we are currently obsessed with.
Copywrite 2026 | Genoa photography
Clyde Plasencia
colorado elopement photographer,
based in boulder
Blog inquire galleries
ABOUT HOME 
pricing