Service Page 
Blog Contact Services Portfolio About Home 
for love to be remembered in eternity
my services
Is what matters the most
Your Experiance
I truly believe your photographer should feel like someone you trust, not just with your images, but with your experience. I’m there to support you, to notice what matters, and to document your day in a way that feels natural and true. If you’re drawn to real moments over perfect poses, and you want photos that feel like memories instead of productions, we’ll be a really good fit.
like on a date...
I approach every wedding with the intention of telling your story exactly as it felt. My work is rooted in documentary photography, which means I’m not here to overly pose or interrupt moments, but to quietly observe and capture them as they naturally unfold. The big, obvious moments matter, of course, but it’s the in-between ones that I’m always looking for.
...that never ends
My packages are designed to give you space to be present, while knowing everything is being taken care of. From thoughtful timeline guidance to full-day coverage options, photo and video offerings, and the ability to add more video offerings, everything is built with intention. You’ll receive a carefully curated gallery that tells the full story of your day along with the option to preserve it in motion through video. It’s not just about what your wedding looked like, but what it felt like to be there.
And I can't wait to document your wedding
I'm Angela, your Photographer,
My promise to you
to document your unique wedding story.
"Where do I begin? Angela was not only amazing to work with, but we could not be more in awe of our photos! Truly could not be happier. Throughout the whole planning process, Angela was friendly, communicative, and thorough. We did both our engagement shoot and wedding photos with her, and she was so easy to feel comfortable and natural around. She did a great job of directing us how to pose, while also orchestrating candid looking photos throughout the whole shoot. I could not have asked for a better experience. Thank you, Angela!!"
Maggie &
cameron
warmest words from
"...Truly could not be happier..."
"I hired Angie for our wedding which included an engagement session that did not go as originally planned (thanks to the unexpected snow and ice cold temps) but she handled the shift in plans / location so amazingly and our engagement pictures turned out beautiful. Our wedding was such an amazing day for many reasons but Angie made the pictures aspect of our day go so smooth! I chose the eight hour package which was perfect for our wedding. I would recommend to others for sure!!!"
katie &
zach
warmest words from
"...Our engagement photos turned out beautiful..."
Angela Amen Photography was an absolute pleasure to work with for our wedding day. From the very first interaction, their communication was timely, attentive and professional, yet fun. The quality of their work was truly stunning - they captured every moment with precision and speed, ensuring we received our photos quickly without sacrificing the stunning artistic quality. Angela and her team made sure I was happy throughout the process and captured beautiful photos of my entire family. I loved working with Angela Amen Photography and will definitely recommend them to others looking for an exceptional wedding photographer.
Karla &
jordan
warmest words from
"Angela Amen Photography was an absolute pleasure to work with for our wedding day"
the process
The very first step is to reach out!
Fill out the contact form and let me know all about your vision.
Contact
It's time to meet!
We can meet in-person over coffee or snacks, or via Zoom in your pajamas!
Consult
We meet to discuss timelines, wish lists, and other wedding details to make sure everything runs smoothly.
Chat
It's your wedding day!
All the meetings, questionnaires, and preparations have lead us to this moment. Time to celebrate!
Capture
Step one
Step two
Step three
Step four
in the most desirable way for you
Let me capture your love
FOR smaller, more intimate weddings
My 6-hour package is perfect for smaller, intimate weddings and elopements. I’ll document the most meaningful parts of your day, and capture genuine moments, emotions, and connections as they naturally unfold to tell the story of your celebration.
Package one
Up to 6 hours of coverage
 Print Release
 All Digital Images
Included: 
$2,500
All day coverage to capture every moment
My all-day package is my most popular option for couples who want their entire story documented from start to finish. With full-day coverage, a second photographer, and a portrait session included, nothing meaningful is missed. Having two photographers allows us to capture multiple perspectives and more candid moments with your loved ones, creating a complete and honest story of your wedding day. 
Package Two
All Day Photo Coverage
 Second Shooter for 8 Hours
 Portrait Session (Engagement, Boudoir, etc.)
 Print Release
 All Digital Images
Included: 
$ 4,000
inquire
The full storytelling experience 
My photo and video package is perfect for couples who want to experience their wedding day in the fullest way possible. Photography preserves the beautiful still moments, while video captures the movement, voices, and emotions that photos alone can’t hold. Together, they allow you to relive not just how your day looked, but how it truly felt. It’s the most complete way to preserve your story.
Package Three
All Day Photo Coverage
 Second Shooter For 8 Hours
 Videographer For 8 Hours
 Portrait Session (Engagement, Boudoir, Etc.)
 Highlight VIdeo
 Print Release
 Digital Images
Included: 
$5,500
- Carlin
The photos we received were beautiful and a reflection of the informal moments that made our wedding special.
FAQ
Reach out! Fill out that contact form and I'll respond back with an invitation to meet via Zoom or in-person. 
After the consultation I'll send a proposal. When you sign the proposal and pay the retainer, you're officially booked!
How can I book you as my wedding photographer?
Absolutely! I've traveled across the country to photograph a wedding before and I enjoyed it so much.
Are you available for travel?
If the packages provided don't really fit what you're looking for, contact me with your needs and I'll create a custom package for you.
Can you create a custom package for our wedding?
I recommend having a photographer with you all day. There are too many special moments and all of them should be documented.
However, more specifically, 8-10 is usually a comfortable amount with 8 being most common.
How many hours of coverage do you recommend?
With one photographer I deliver at least 50-70 per hour.
With two photographers you can expect around 90-100 per hour.
How many pictures are included?
About 6 weeks for wedding photos, and about 3 weeks for portrait sessions. 
When will I receive my photos?
Inquire here
Tell me all about your love story.
 I want to know you!
© 2026 Angela amen Photography ⎪ Privacy Policy
Contact Blog Services Portfolio About Home Menu
Based in Colorado, happy to travel the world for love.
inquire here
Let's work together
Blog Contact Services Portfolio About Home