About - Angela Amen Photography and Videography - Colorado 
Blog Contact Services Portfolio About Home 
My love for photography started long before I started photographing weddings. I was drawn to Documentary Photography because it's authentic and tells a story.
When I'm not at weddings, I'm curled up on the couch with my partner, daughter, two cats, and dog.
And your wedding day matters to me
I'M ANGELA, YOUR PHOTOGRAPHER
Believe it or not, I used to want to be a Criminal Psychologist. I even went to school for it. Even though I didn't get a degree and ended up changing career paths, true crime has always fascinated me.
True Crime
03.
Some of the locations I drive to for weddings, meetings, and portrait sessions can take a long time, sometimes hours, so having a great playlist is one of my essentials. You can find death metal & deathcore on my playlist, but more mellow music like Billie Eilish lives there as well.
Music
02.
Few things make me happier than an iced latte. I love when couples want to meet in person for their consultations or pre-wedding meetings because we often set it up at a coffee shop. 
And iced latte with a danish? *chef's kiss*
Iced Lattes
01.
three favorites of mine
providing documentary styled photoraphy & videography that tells your story
My promise to you
... Golden hour light
... when people who are in love laugh together
... the look on mom's face when she watches her baby walk down the aisle
... paintings, poems, and sketches
... taking walks in nature
But for me, I mostly find it in...
INSPIRATION IS FOUND
everywhere
The moment I arrived at my first wedding as a photographer, I knew I had found something special. There was an energy in the air that felt different from anything I had experienced before. There was a quiet anticipation, joyful nerves, and the unmistakable feeling that something meaningful was about to unfold. Watching two people deeply in love, surrounded by the people who have supported them through every chapter of their lives, is incredibly powerful. Weddings bring together family, friends, laughter, tears, and all the little moments in between that make a relationship unique. Being trusted to witness and document that kind of love is something I don’t take lightly. It’s an honor to preserve those memories so couples can return to them for the rest of their lives.
Weddings are my love language
The moment I arrived at my first wedding as a photographer, I knew I had found something special. There was an energy in the air that felt different from anything I had experienced before. There was a quiet anticipation, joyful nerves, and the unmistakable feeling that something meaningful was about to unfold. Watching two people deeply in love, surrounded by the people who have supported them through every chapter of their lives, is incredibly powerful. Weddings bring together family, friends, laughter, tears, and all the little moments in between that make a relationship unique. Being trusted to witness and document that kind of love is something I don’t take lightly. It’s an honor to preserve those memories so couples can return to them for the rest of their lives.
Weddings are my love language
"Where do I begin? Angela was not only amazing to work with, but we could not be more in awe of our photos! Truly could not be happier. Throughout the whole planning process, Angela was friendly, communicative, and thorough. We did both our engagement shoot and wedding photos with her, and she was so easy to feel comfortable and natural around. She did a great job of directing us how to pose, while also orchestrating candid looking photos throughout the whole shoot. I could not have asked for a better experience. Thank you, Angela!!"
Maggie &
cameron
warmest words from
"...Truly could not be happier..."
"I hired Angie for our wedding which included an engagement session that did not go as originally planned (thanks to the unexpected snow and ice cold temps) but she handled the shift in plans / location so amazingly and our engagement pictures turned out beautiful. Our wedding was such an amazing day for many reasons but Angie made the pictures aspect of our day go so smooth! I chose the eight hour package which was perfect for our wedding. I would recommend to others for sure!!!"
katie &
zach
warmest words from
"...Our engagement photos turned out beautiful..."
Angela Amen Photography was an absolute pleasure to work with for our wedding day. From the very first interaction, their communication was timely, attentive and professional, yet fun. The quality of their work was truly stunning - they captured every moment with precision and speed, ensuring we received our photos quickly without sacrificing the stunning artistic quality. Angela and her team made sure I was happy throughout the process and captured beautiful photos of my entire family. I loved working with Angela Amen Photography and will definitely recommend them to others looking for an exceptional wedding photographer.
Karla &
jordan
warmest words from
"Angela Amen Photography was an absolute pleasure to work with for our wedding day"
Inquire here
Tell me all about your love story.
 I want to know you!
© 2026 Angela amen Photography ⎪ Privacy Policy
Contact Blog Services Portfolio About Home Menu
Based in Colorado, happy to travel the world for love.
inquire here
Let's work together
Blog Contact Services Portfolio About Home