Taylored Wedding and Portraits 
The Process
Investment
Travel
The Work 
Hi! I'm Piper
Blog
Back 
Weddings & Elopements
Engagements & Proposals
Maternity & Newborn
Families
Seniors
Headshots
Branding
The Process Investment Travel 
The Work 
Weddings & Elopements 
Engagements & Proposals 
Maternity & Newborn 
Families 
Seniors 
Headshots 
Branding 
Hi! I'm Piper Blog 
FAQ 
 how long will it take for you to edit my photos?
 Photo editing is time dependent upon my schedule, however I can guarantee up to 10 sneak peek images within 24 hours of any type of shoot. A full wedding/elopement shoot can take between 6-8 weeks to edit (I will say I am usually much quicker than this, but need to build in some padding). Any other portrait shoot should be edited within 2 weeks of your shoot date!
are you open to traveling out of state or abroad for a shoot? 
 Abso-freaking-lutely! I love to travel and have been lucky to travel up to 50 countries so far! I love nothing more than immersing myself in the culture of a new place and would love to experience it with you. Travel fees are dependent upon where your shoot is located, but I am always up for a trip. 
We are nervous about our shoot, we have never done professional photos before? How will you make us feel comfortable?
 I always want my clients (soon to be friends) to feel comfortable and confident in front of my lens. I love capturing authentic moments, so although I will provide you with some direction, you will often find me cracking a joke or asking you to just be your natural self in front of the camera. We can always bring some champagne and play some music to lighten the mood and just make it feel like we are hanging out. If I am shooting your wedding, I try my best to blend into the background and capture your special day! 
How do you deliver your photos?
 I deliver photos through an online gallery called Pixiset. It is very easy to use and visually appealing. Through Pixiset, you can create a list of favorites, download individual photos or the full gallery. From there you are free to print and post as you please, although we always love being tagged @tayloredwedding
What if we cancel or need to reschedule a shoot?
 If you cancel your wedding/elopement (we hope this never happens) the deposit is non refundable. If you need to reschedule your wedding/elopement, there is a $500 rebooking fee if you have booked me during a weekend from June-August. 
If you cancel a portrait shoot within 48 hours, the deposit is non refundable. If you need to reschedule a portrait shoot, there is no rebooking fee. 
What should we wear to our shoot? 
 This is completely dependent upon the type of shoot. But as a part of your booking, I am happy to play stylist and send you ideas or text about clothing options. I love fashion, so this is fun for me! 
Taylored Weddings and Portraits
4168 West 13th Ave,
Denver,
United States
(720)-231-2825 
 Piper.Rastello@gmail.com 
Hours
Instagram Testimonials More on Me! Videography Location Guide FAQ 
POWERED BY SQUARESPACE