Denver Wedding Photographer | McKenzie Bigliazzi Photography 
denver wedding photographer
editorial art,
dive bar spirit
Home About Wedding Pricing Blog contact 
For Brands 
Portraits Podcast Mentorship 
 For Brands 
You’re here because the made up rules of the wedding industry make you cringe. You’ve probably said “do we actually have to do that?” at least once. You care about the vibe more than the crammed timeline. You want it to look like a magazine but feel like a party that your friends threw. You’re equally excited about your outfit and the afterparty. You’re not into the “stand and look here” wedding photos you had to do at your cousin’s wedding. Speaking of family, you might have an unconventional family dynamic, which makes wedding planning kinda suck. I get it. You're in the right place.
high end meets human
it's where
I'm talkin' Gucci slides at the Taco Bell drive thru after partying with your fashionable friends all night in the desert. You don't have to sacrifice what makes you YOU in order to look cool as fuck in your photos.
Luxury Redefined
this is
View Wedding Packages 
BTW, All genders, races, abilities, ethnicities, cultures, and types of love are celebrated here. Inclusivity is the bare minimum.
Weddings & Elopements 
Brand Portraits 
editorial edge 
the ego.
without
Wedding + elopement info → 
it's where
I've got a degree in fine art. I study it constantly. My membership at the Denver Art Museum is used at least monthly. This heavily influences the work I do.
I don't show up to your wedding with a generic recycled shot list. I intentionally curate my approach for each client. I recently had a bride who told me she loved the movie Saltburn and wanted their photos to emulate that aesthetic. You bet your ass I watched the movie the morning of their wedding to prepare for my work that day.
With all this said, my work is HIGHLY human-focused. Yes, you'll get photos that look like they belong in Vogue. But most importantly, they'll still feel like you.
That's why my work is for people who care about the aesthetic but not in a performative way. Like, what would your wedding look like if Instagram didn't exist? Are you making the choices you're making because it's what you actually want?
Then count me in.
The difference in hiring me is this:
(she/her)
 More about Mckenzie → [Most likely to be at a Hot Mulligan show or the Taco Bell drive-thru]
you're my type
if these vibes are your vibes...
A mosh pit at the Met Gala
A Michelangelo painting lit entirely by a neon Budlight sign
Wearing a Gucci fit to the Taco Bell drive thru
Reading a fashion mag at a dive bar
Let&#x27;s make cool shit → Mosh Pit Energy
You have taste and you don't have to prove it to anyone. I'm here to guide when it matters, giving just enough direction to make you look cool A.F. without interrupting what’s actually happening.
Vogue aesthetic,
Get the picture? Cool, let's make some art.
Getting Married at Denver Botanic Gardens 
Marry Yourselves in Colorado: Self-Solmnization
My Favorite Allied Wedding Vendors
Check this shit out:
@2026 Copyright Mckenzie Bigliazzi | Brand + Website Credit 
HOME ABOUT Kenzie CONTACT 
 Brand Pricing Podcast 
 Biz Mentorship artful wedding photography for humans with taste who don’t need to prove it. Based in Denver Colorado but will travel for cool shit.
This is a space that celebrates queer love, uplifts BIPOC voices, and welcomes every kind of human exactly as they are. If you’re here, you’re safe and celebrated—period. Hatred and bigotry don’t get a seat at this table.
Wedding Pricing BLOG Allied Vendor Guide 
Wedding Pricing About Kenzie Home 
Branding Pricing 
Mentorships Book now Blog podcast