About McKenzie Bigliazzi | Denver CO Photographer 
Home About Wedding Pricing Blog contact 
For Brands 
Portraits Podcast Mentorship 
 For Brands 
OBSERVER,
DIRECTOR,
protector.
[Denver CO Photographer Noticing what's special, curating cool shit, and safeguarding your joy.]
I never intended to be part of the wedding industry...
...until I started imagining what my own wedding day would look like and realized I felt quite alone.
Coming from a modern family—divorced parents, with its own challenges—I found it hard to connect with the traditional moments celebrated in the wedding world. I knew I couldn’t be the only one feeling this way. So, I decided that if I was going to be in this space, I wanted to create an environment where people can truly be themselves, free from the pressure to meet certain expectations or check off boxes dictated by the wedding industry. 
View Wedding packages → 
I come from a long line of strong women who ran their own businesses. My great grandma owned and ran her own restaurant serving her own recipes. My grandmother owned a beauty salon that she was also a stylist at. My mother ran her own website design business. My aunt owns her own wedding photography business. Being raised by these women, I was taught that I am capable of getting anything I want out of life. I reflect this in my business by empowering and advocating for couples when the wedding world wants them to stick to what's “trendy.” 
I grew up witnessing my grandma’s memories deteriorate due to Alzheimer’s. I watched as she gradually lost memory of her life and the people around her. I started to form this obsession with photographs - tangible memories. If I took a photo, even if I don’t remember this memory, it’ll live on forever through a photograph. Because of photographs, I was able to see into my grandma’s life before the disease took over. I was able to get to know my grandma in a way I didn’t get to experience. As I grew older, idea of tangible memories permeated the core of my purpose and the way I wanted to remember life around me. 
Is in my blood
this work
mckenzie (She/her)
I truly believe that hiring me will get you very different results than the majority of wedding photographers out there.
I went to art school and I still study it constantly. I am incredibly inspired by film photography, cinema, and artists that mix high fashion with weirdo editorial compositions such as Gregory Crewdson. These artists remind me to push the boundaries of what creates a “good” photo and to take up space to create art. Art comes first in my approach to photographing your wedding day. 
With that said, my work is HIGHLY human-focused. Yes, you'll get photos that look like they belong in Vogue. But most importantly, they'll still feel like you.
That's why I don't show up to your wedding with a generic recycled shot list. I intentionally curate my approach for each client. I recently had a bride who told me she loved the movie Saltburn and wanted their photos to emulate that aesthetic. You bet your ass I watched the movie the morning of their wedding to prepare for my work that day.
human-led Art.
my approach:
Wedding + elopement info → Branding Session info → 
LOVE IS LOVE
BLACK LIVES MATTER
SCIENCE IS REAL
TRANS LIVES MATTER
WOMEN'S RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS
this is important a.f. to me:
but wait
Books
No-Skip Albums
Movies
The Midnight Library
The Only One Left
The Paris Apartment
The Thing Between Us
Hot Mulligan - The Sound a Body Makes When It’s Still
Sabrina Carpenter - Short n Sweet
A Day to Remember - You’re Welcome
Fall Out Boy - Take this to your Grave
Saltburn
Superbad
Edward Scissorhands
My faves
No matter who you are, how you celebrate, or what your love looks like, you will get high-end art when I'm your wedding photographer.
From climbing peaks and camping under the stars to diving into city life at PS Lounge or exploring East Colfax, I love it all. My commute is often via RTD (you know I love a good bus ride), and the Denver Art Museum is my go-to for clearing the wedding-day buzz. Rooftop drinks are a must, but nothing beats coming home to my favorite city after a mountain escape.
I'm a Denverite with a mountain soul, embracing the best of both worlds.
Ready to Rock → Art.
let's make
Wedding Pricing → 
Wedding Pricing About Kenzie Home 
Branding Pricing 
Mentorships Book now Blog podcast 
@2026 Copyright Mckenzie Bigliazzi | Brand + Website Credit 
HOME ABOUT Kenzie CONTACT 
 Brand Pricing Podcast 
 Biz Mentorship artful wedding photography for humans with taste who don’t need to prove it. Based in Denver Colorado but will travel for cool shit.
This is a space that celebrates queer love, uplifts BIPOC voices, and welcomes every kind of human exactly as they are. If you’re here, you’re safe and celebrated—period. Hatred and bigotry don’t get a seat at this table.
Wedding Pricing BLOG Allied Vendor Guide