Colorado Wedding & Elopement Packages | McKenzie Bigliazzi 
Home About Wedding Pricing Blog contact 
For Brands 
Portraits Podcast Mentorship 
 For Brands 
Colorado Wedding & Elopement Packages
Art School Eye, house show vibe
Behind the scenes, that means a high-end, customized experience built entirely around you. Because, it is your wedding day after all. I use a mix of directive posing and candid moments to make you look damn cool, connect you with trusted (and affirming) vendors, and handle the planning details—timelines, coordination, and all the in-betweens so you’re never left wondering what’s next.
You don't have to sacrifice what makes you YOU in order to look cool as fuck in your photos. 
Sign me up yesterday 
Inclusivity is the bare minimum.
"For my wife and I, it was about so much more than just photos. And McKenzie delivered above and beyond. While I described her outspokenness and support as rare and refreshing, she described it as the bare minimum — something I don’t think I’ll ever forget. We would choose her over and over and over again.
Bri + Tess
All genders, races, abilities, ethnicities, cultures, & types of love are celebrated here.
THE PROCESS
01
02
03
04
Get art inspired by your day.
Get access to a meeting link and packages within 48 hours
Book your photographer (Hi, that's me)
Fill out the contact form here .
packages:
ElopementS
For the couple who values intimacy without giving up their wedding experience:
Up to 20 Guests
 Location & Vendor Recs
 Coordination
 Polaroids
 Online Gallery
 Planning Tools
 6 Week Delivery
 All-Inclusive, No Hidden Fees
starting at $4500
ELOPEMENTS Courthouse Engagements Weddings BOOK it → 
Weddings
For the couple doing the whole shebang— your way. 
Engagement Session
 48 Hour Highlights 
 Film + Digital Coverage 
 Timeline + Logistics Support
 6–10 Hour Coverage Options
 All Weekend Coverage Available
 Exclusive Vendor Access
 Online Gallery with Free Downloads
Average investment $7750
ELOPEMENTS Courthouse 
 Engagements Weddings BOOK it → 
Courthouse
For the couple trading the pressure for something simpler:
2 Hours
 Logistics coordination 
 Styling assistance
 High Quality Photos
 Simplified High-end experience 
 4 Week turnaround time
$1,500
ELOPEMENTS Courthouse Engagements Weddings Click here for the Full courthouse guide BOOK it → 
Engagements
For the couple visiting from out of town or maybe just not ready to start wedding planning but still wants to brag about their love:
2 Hours
 Online Gallery + Free Downloads
 Location + Styling Assistance
 4 Week Turnaround time
$1,200
ELOPEMENTS Courthouse Engagements Weddings 
BOOK it → 
To Book, 40% of your package is due up front. The remaining can be paid in flexible payment plans. 
10% of every package booked gets donated to:
LAST PRISONER PROJECT 
 The TREVOR PROJECT 
 PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
 SAFEHOUSE DENVER 
WORD ON THE STREET
"Being a lesbian couple, we had to make sure we were working with someone truly affirming , and McKenzie was exactly that."
"We're both a little awkward in pictures usually, but she created an atmosphere that helped us feel so comfortable and natural that we didn't feel awkward at all, and we're so in love with how our photos turned out."
"I didn’t want to work with anyone on my wedding day that I would need to hide any part of myself from, and I knew that McKenzie would be a perfect fit for us."
"Most people are stressed before their big day but I can confidently assure you that won’t be a symptom of yours if you book with McKenzie!"
"Just hire McKenzie. Her presence just calmed my anxieties. She’ll help you plan with the right team of vendors, keep you grounded, and deliver photos that look like how memories feel. "
We plan to elope but don’t know where, can you help with locations?
Yes! When you hire me, you get exclusive access to locations, high-end inclusive vendors, as well as logistics and coordination.
Do You Travel?
Yes I love to travel. Pricing includes travel within Colorado. For Out of State events, Airfare, Lodging, and Rental Car will be added to your package if necessary.
how far in advance Do I need to Book?
Earlier is always better. Dates usually book up 9 months out but due to the limited amount of events I take on, my schedule is flexible and open to weekdays.
what if we don't need planning or additional resources?
My pricing remains the same regardless of how much planning support you need. Nearly all couples appreciate guidance with locations, lodging, and timeline flow — and that expertise is simply part of the 5-Star experience I provide.
Do you offer payment plans?
Yes! 40% of your package is due up front and the remaining can be divided out among several payments. Your package must be paid in full 2 weeks before your wedding date.
FAQs
You have taste and you don't have to prove it to anyone. I'm here to guide when it matters, giving just enough direction to make you look cool A.F. without interrupting what’s actually happening.
you.
Art that imitates
Let&#x27;s make cool shit → 
Wedding Pricing About Kenzie Home 
Branding Pricing 
Mentorships Book now Blog podcast 
@2026 Copyright Mckenzie Bigliazzi | Brand + Website Credit 
HOME ABOUT Kenzie CONTACT 
 Brand Pricing Podcast 
 Biz Mentorship artful wedding photography for humans with taste who don’t need to prove it. Based in Denver Colorado but will travel for cool shit.
This is a space that celebrates queer love, uplifts BIPOC voices, and welcomes every kind of human exactly as they are. If you’re here, you’re safe and celebrated—period. Hatred and bigotry don’t get a seat at this table.
Wedding Pricing BLOG Allied Vendor Guide