Event Services &#8211; Belleview Weddings and Events 
Skip to content 
Toggle Navigation 
Home 
Portfolio 
Event Services 
Elopement Services 
Meet Us 
Contact 
Event Services
Belleview Events works within a set service minimum with additional time accrued at an hourly rate.  Service ideas can be specified in advance or work can be done as needed.  Take a look at our package ideas and A La Carte event options for a glimpse into what it takes to plan a wedding or large event.
Full Service Package:
Our full service package results in a carefree event.  From the very beginning Jamie will be at your side, helping to pick a date, venue and all related vendors for your events.  Together you will create a budget, set a timeline and form a vision of how you want your event to look, flow, and feel.  Should this event be a wedding, the Full Service Package includes rehearsal dinner coordination for a slightly higher fee.  This package includes unlimited phone and email communication, all pre-planning for your event, day of setup and breakdown, and day of coordination so that your event is entirely stress free.  Just show up and have fun!
Partial Service Package:
This package allows the client to have the help of an event coordinator, but still has them being an active part of their event plans.  Unlimited phone and email communication are part of this package as well as day of setup and breakdown.  Instead of Jamie having full control of implementation, the client will share this responsibility and will make all choices on their own.
Day of Coordination Package:
The Day of Coordination package is for a client who needs help just on the day of their event.  Venue set up and break down, all vendor coordination that day, timeline adherance, and payment delivery to vendors make up the main aspects of this package.  Limited email and phone communication is available.  This package is perfect for someone who has done all the planning but needs help with implementation.
Setup/Breakdown Service:
The Setup/Breakdown service is exactly what it states.  Jamie and her team will set up your venue according to a schematic that she has been given and break it down that night or the following day.  No vendor communication, no pre-planning and no coordination beyond the decor of the venue.  This package comes with limited email and phone communication.  Belleview Events will do the heavy lifting!
Planning Only Package:
A Planning Only package takes the stress out of the lead-up to the wedding or event.  With Belleview Event&#8217;s help, the client will get full consultation and pre-event planning with unlimited email and phone consultation.  No physical help will be given during the event but the client will have the relief of knowing that everything has been planned and set into motion due to previous work done by Jamie.
A La Carte Event Services:
Floral Service- bouquets, centerpieces, etc.  BW&E has an in-house florist to meet your needs.  Our prices are fair and affordable.
Honeymoon Planning
Hourly Consultation
Event Design and Vision coordination
Custom invitation design and printing
Bartending service- full service or just staff
Private Car service
Custom decor, favors and centerpieces
Live band and/or DJ service
Venue Touring service: for clients who do not live in Crested Butte.  I will tour venues and take photos for you and send you a package of images, details, costs, etc about each venue.
Lighting service and/or lantern rentals
Budget consultation and planning
Timeline Creation
Welcome package creation and delivery
Etiquette consultation
If there is something that you don&#8217;t see on this list but would like to inquire about please send Jamie an email!  Custom packages and services are always available.
Recent Posts
Valli and Tim 
Tiffany and Donovan 
Meredith and Wayne 
Jess and Justin 
Ariel and Mark 
Contact
Published Works:
Junebug Weddings 
Borrowed and Blue 
The Knot Featured Post 
Wedding Lovely Featured Post 
Follow Along!
Published Works:
Junebug Weddings 
Borrowed and Blue 
The Knot Featured Post 
Wedding Lovely Featured Post 
Contact Form
 Error: Contact form not found.
Copyright © Belleview Weddings and Events 2019
Kale by LyraThemes.com.