Meet Us &#8211; Belleview Weddings and Events 
Skip to content 
Toggle Navigation 
Home 
Portfolio 
Event Services 
Elopement Services 
Meet Us 
Contact 
Meet Us
Jamie Booth, owner , has planned more than 250 large scale events ranging from weddings to nationally recognized outdoor concerts.  She is a Connecticut native with a Colorado mindset.  Jamie believes that organization, creativity, and a vision can turn any event from run-of-the-mill into extraordinary. 
Having lived in Crested Butte for 14 years, Jamie has found that the mountain lifestyle has woven itself into her personal style.  She is an avid gardener, skier, horseback rider and hiker.  Her husband, son, horse and dog are as much inspiration to her as the dramatic landscape in which she lives.  Take the opportunity to allow her to implement your dreams- give yourself the chance for a timeless Colorado event.
Nina Shea, Assistant Coordinator, found Crested Butte by way of New York. She moved to CB in 1999 and, like any good local, has earned her residency! From the legendary Ice Bar to private play groups to the workout room, Nina&#8217;s work ethic shines through. She currently splits her time between her 2 kids, Belleview Events, and as a personal trainer and fitness instructor. Nina prides herself on finding a good balance between being creative while still remaining detail oriented. She loves to sew, mountain bike, spend time on the river, share her love of art and music to those around her, and explore all that Crested Butte has to offer with her family.
Robin Buza, Assistant Coordinator, is an Alaska Native who has made her home in Crested Butte for the last 20 years. Robin brings her calm demeanor and her happy attitude to Belleview Events. An accomplished skier and biker, Robin lives a true mountain lifestyle- she balances work and play with the best of them! She has worked with Belleview Events for the last 6 years and truly excels at providing excellent customer service. She is wonderfully artistic while still checking the boxes of being a type-A&#8230; necessary in the event world!
Recent Posts
Valli and Tim 
Tiffany and Donovan 
Meredith and Wayne 
Jess and Justin 
Ariel and Mark 
Contact
Published Works:
Junebug Weddings 
Borrowed and Blue 
The Knot Featured Post 
Wedding Lovely Featured Post 
Follow Along!
Published Works:
Junebug Weddings 
Borrowed and Blue 
The Knot Featured Post 
Wedding Lovely Featured Post 
Contact Form
 Error: Contact form not found.
Copyright © Belleview Weddings and Events 2019
Kale by LyraThemes.com.