Colorado Wedding & Elopement Photographer | Alyssa Carpenter 
contact galleries about experience 
Tell Me Yours Not that I’d even want to, anyway! Because how freaking lucky am I to be part of such a beautiful, intimate experience?! I’m genuinely obsessed with each couple’s story and capturing their love in a way that feels real, fun, and totally them.
I don’t think I’ll ever get over the mountains or the little moments.
Colorado Wedding & Elopement Photographer
Tell Me More So, trust me when I say, I’ve been in your shoes, and I can help make it all come together with ease, no matter what happens! I’ve documented over 550 weddings and elopements in Colorado over the past decade, and I’m already all in with your story, too.
I’m a Michigan girl who traded the farmhouse life for the Colorado mountains. After 8 years in Denver, my husband and I moved to Longmont for that perfect small-town vibe with big mountain views. These days, I wake up to an unobstructed view of Longs Peak from my backyard, constantly reminding me that the simple, quiet moments matter most. And that’s the kind of energy I bring into every photo. Even when things don’t go as planned…
True story: my husband and I planned our dream destination wedding in Big Sur, but our plans were derailed when the highway collapsed a month before our date. While replanning an entirely new wedding in 30 days was a bit stressful, our 30-person intimate dinner party at the Sea Ranch Lodge in Northern California turned out to be more magical than we had imagined.
What A Beautiful Place To Call Home
FROM THE MIDWEST TO THE MOUNTAINS
Beyond The Lens
Say hello to my border collie/heeler mix (Stevie) and husky/heeler mix (Indie), and my husband’s husky (Rufio). We’re basically a blended family, but one big happy pack!
I’m also mom to the sweetest girl: My daughter, Chloe, is a little ball of energy and joy. We’re already planning her next big adventure when she becomes a big sister!
My own love story is a whirlwind: My husband and I met on Hinge (I swear, it works!), got engaged in Santorini, Greece, married in Cali, and then spent our honeymoon in Kenya at the iconic Giraffe Manor before embarking on an unforgettable two-week safari.
Traveling is my love language: My passion for exploring the world started when I studied abroad in Florence. Since then, I’ve been to 13 countries and counting.
The mountains are my happy place: I love spending a lot of time outdoors with my family, hiking in the mountains, paddleboarding, and walking our dogs around McIntosh Lake (literally two minutes from our backyard). 
Crested Butte has my heart: It was my husband and my first trip together, so we make it a point to visit at least once a year and dream of retiring there someday.
When I'm Not Behind The Lens
Fun Facts
— Kaylee C.
“Alyssa coached us through every pose with such ease and encouragement. Not only was she professional and talented, but she was also incredibly kind and amazing to work with.”
— Kaitlyn S.
“Alyssa went above and beyond to make sure we achieved the vision for our engagement photos. She made us feel so comfortable posing in ways that felt natural!”
— Alyssa S.
“Alyssa made us feel completely at ease in front of the camera, never once making us feel awkward or posed. Her fun, easygoing personality made the entire experience feel like a celebration.”
— Ismeta B.
“Alyssa made us feel comfortable, relaxed, and genuinely excited about capturing our big day. On top of her incredible talent, Alyssa was kind, professional, and so easy to work with.”
— Sara W.
“Alyssa was warm, friendly, and incredibly easy to work with. She brought a calm confidence and took charge in the best possible way—direct when needed, but always kind.”
Say Hey Just You, The Mountains, & Your Story.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Credit 
 © 2017-2026 Alyssa Carpenter Photo | All Rights Reserved
Say Hey Get To Know Me View The Galleries Discover The Experience Start Here 
COLORADO | LONGMONT | ESTES PARK | ROCKY MOUNTAIN NATIONAL PARK | LYONS | BOULDER | DENVER | AND MORE!
Dreamy love stories, captured in Colorado for the adventurous & carefree at heart. 
contact galleries about experience