Albums & Services - Elevate Photography 
MENU
Portfolios 
Engagement 
Couple 
Bride 
Groom 
Wedding Party 
Getting Ready 
Ceremony 
Reception 
Details 
Videography 
Photographers 
Pricing 
About 
Services 
Process 
FAQs 
Blog 
Contact 
Book Online &raquo; --> 
Home 
Albums & Services
Albums & Services
Quality Services
We take pride in delivering top-tier photography services for every wedding we capture. In fact, we offer a couple of exclusive services you won’t find at any other studio — making your special day truly one-of-a-kind.
SNEAK PEEK
included in Signature and Legacy Packages
Our Sneak Peek is a fun way to see a few photos the week of the wedding.
We post the photos online in a gallery and you can then share them with friends and family or download and share on all your socials!
RECEPTION DISPLAY
Included in Signature and Legacy Packages
Our Reception Display shows off your engagement photos in a creative way at your wedding.
Step 1. We load 5 of your engagement photos into the Reception Display.
Step 2. We set the Reception Display next to your guest book or gift table.
Step 3. Your guests get to see how in love you are when they view the slideshow of photos.
CONTENT CREATOR
Our content creators captures your day in a fun, behind-the-scenes way so you can relive every moment right away. Instead of waiting weeks for your professional photos and video, you’ll get next-day clips, candid moments, and short videos made for social media. We follow along throughout the day, catching the laughter, happy tears, quiet in-between moments, and all the things you might not even see. It’s a relaxed, unobtrusive way to document your wedding and give you a full gallery of memories you can share instantly with friends and family.
PHOTO BOOTH
Our Photo Booth is a fun way to entertain your guests and get some fun photos and animated gifs at your reception.
Step 1. Our employee will setup the photo booth, a backdrop and the props.
Step 2. Press the "Touch Me" button and strike a pose!
Step 3. Guests instantly send the photos to their phone.
Step 4. The photos will be included in your online wedding gallery!
wedding albums
Our quality albums are a great way for you to have beautiful printed piece from your wedding to look back over together and with friends and family. 10 years from now, you won’t be looking at your wedding photos on your phone!
— Essential —
Our Essential Album is a great way to have something on your coffee table to show off your wedding day for the next few years. 
Design Online 
This is a 10x10 lay flat 30-page album is available with a linen or a photo printed cover. You design the album with online software in your web gallery so you are in full control of the layout and how many images you would like to include.
— Signature —
Our Signature Album is an archival quality 10x10 30-page album with up to 120 images featuring thick, layflat pages printed on photographic paper. 
Professionally Designed 
This album is designed by Elevate to be a family heirloom you will treasure for generations and includes 2 rounds of revisions. You can choose from a collection of classic linens and leathers, vegan suede, vegan leather or a photo for your cover.
— Legacy —
Our Legacy Album is a larger version of our premium album at 12x12 with 40 pages and up to 160 images. It features thick, layflat pages printed on photographic paper. 
Professionally Designed 
It is designed by Elevate and includes 2 rounds of revisions. You have your choice of classic linens and leathers, vegan suede, vegan leather or a photo for your cover.
Facebook 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
Colorado Wedding Locations
Aspen Weddings 
 Aurora Weddings 
 Bailey Weddings 
 Beaver Creek Weddings 
 Boulder Weddings 
 Castle Rock Weddings 
 Colorado Springs Weddings 
 Denver Weddings 
 Estes Park Weddings 
 Evergreen Weddings 
 Golden Weddings 
 Granby Weddings 
 Grand Lake Weddings 
 Highlands Ranch Weddings 
 Keystone Weddings 
 Lakewood Weddings 
 Larkspur Weddings 
 Littleton Weddings 
 Lyons Weddings 
 Morrison Weddings 
 Parker Weddings 
 Sedalia Weddings 
 Steamboat Weddings 
 Telluride Weddings 
 Vail Weddings 
 Winter Park Weddings 
-->
All photographs &copy;Elevate Photography 1998-2026
Design & programming by Hemisphere Graphic Arts 
Close -->
X 
Check Availability
Let’s Go