Durango Wedding and Family Photographer Allison Ragsdale Photography 
Skip to content 
Call Us Today! 970-259-9255 | &#105;&#110;fo&#64;allis&#111;nrags&#100;al&#101;p&#104;&#111;&#116;o&#103;r&#97;ph&#121;.co&#109; 
Book a Planning Meeting 
FAMILIES 
 HEADSHOTS 
 SENIORS 
 ELOPEMENTS 
 WEDDINGS 
 ENGAGEMENTS 
 SCHOOL PHOTOS 
 SPECIAL OFFERS 
 BLOG 
 FAMILIES 
 HEADSHOTS 
 SENIORS 
 ELOPEMENTS 
 WEDDINGS 
 ENGAGEMENTS 
 SCHOOL PHOTOS 
 SPECIAL OFFERS 
 BLOG 
Durango Photographer
Allison Ragsdale Photography
Durango Photographer allisonragsdale 2025-06-09T18:26:26+00:00 
Voted One of The Best Photographers in Durango 10 Years in a Row!
We’ve been voted one of Durango’s Best Photographer for seven years in a row, and we’re so grateful. We’re grateful that we have our dream job, doing what we love, in the best city in the world!  We’d love to work with you and photograph who you love in Durango. 
Call
Let’s schedule a free consultation and we can begin to plan! Each session is personalized and we want to answer all of your questions.
Plan
If history tells us anything, it’s that people who have a plan are more successful than those who don’t. We will walk you through our 7-step process to perfect portraits. 
Display
Adorn your walls, create an album, and send out prints to your friends and family. Display your pictures anywhere to be reminded of how beautiful your life is.
Beautiful Portraits of Beautiful People in Durango 
Senior Photos That Feature the Future You
As you are now, and a glimpse into what lies ahead; that’s what make senior photos so special! We specialize in unique and beautiful senior photos in Durango, making sure that parents and seniors have a stress-free and unforgettable experience. These photos will be the ones seniors are excited to share with their friends and that parents will be proud to hang on their walls. 
Learn More about Senior Pictures 
We Turn Your Dreams of an Amazing Wedding into Amazing Photos
If the wedding day you’ve been dreaming about is coming and having beautiful photos to look back on are tops on your list, we are here for it. With years of experience and an eye for moments, we help couples getting married in Durango enjoy their day knowing we will capture it all. Smiles, tears, and breathtaking portraits are just the start. 
Learn More about our Wedding Services 
Headshots Are the New Business Card
You are a representative of your brand, and it starts with a great headshot. People like to know the face behind the name! Beyond that, a great headshot is a marketing tool that gives you an excellent return on your investment. You never know what doors it can open! 
Learn More about Headshots and Personal Branding 
Naturally Beautiful Family Photos
Creative and timeless photos of your family in natural and beautiful surroundings are something everyone wants. We know the best places to take the photos in Durango and even better; we make the entire process for you stress-free and easy.  You’ll love the photos we take, 100% guaranteed. 
Learn More about Family Portraits 
Creative, Intimate and Expressive Engagement Photos
The time that you were a couple before you were married is special and deserves to be captured! During this time of hope and excitement, let us photograph the two of you as you are right now, in love and full of hope for the future. You’ll never regret having these photos made. 
Learn More about Engagement Photography 
Achieve perfect portraits in 7 easy steps!
Don’t let the idea of having portraits made stress you out; this is where we shine! Let us lead you through our 7-step process and you’ll be amazed at how much fun you have and how much you love your photos. We’ve got you covered from what to wear, where to do the photos, and we even help you decide what makes sense for you to purchase after the session.  We want to be your Durango photographers for life! 
Allison is absolutely an incredible, professional and wonderful photographer! We were highly recommended to her &#8211; and were extremely impressed with every single step of the process as well as the beautiful gallery now on our wall. From the informative videos and emails, to the fun photo sessions, to the swift order fulfillment, to the beautiful art and photography &#8211; she makes it easy, fun, and enjoyable experience. Very top notch and boutique-in-style. We have 3 daughters and already cannot wait for their senior pictures with her. We highly recommend! Although one warning: you will not be able to pick just a few pictures. You will want ALL the pictures. Yes. They are that good! 🙂 HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
~ Rebecca York 
Frequently Asked Questions
How Much Does Durango Photography Cost? 
We are proud to say that we personalize every session to our clients. We can help you pick the perfect session based on your needs.  Our most popular package is our Standard Collection that includes a two hour photoshoot and either 20 digital images or $1200 in product credit, for $1495. Packages start at $295. Wedding collections and headshot/branding sessions are also customized to fit your needs. Get in touch, and let us build the perfect package for you! 
Do you offer portrait photography packages? 
We do! Our packages are based on the amount of time we spend photographing you and what comes included in terms of either digital imagery if you&#8217;d like to do your own printing or product credit if you&#8217;d like us to do your printing for you. This allows you to share online and display or gift your prints! We also offer discounts on any additional products purchased over the included, such as wall art, albums, or holiday cards. We also have packages for weddings and headshot/branding sessions. 
What to wear to your photography session? 
We got asked this question so much, we made what to wear guides for every genre of portrait photography! These comprehensive downloadable guides will show you the right color combinations and clothing tips that will result in picture-perfect portraits. 
Download Your Complementary What To Wear Guide 
Can we do photos with our dog? 
Of course!  Pets are part of the family, after all. We suggest that you bring treats and squeaky toys to help reward them for a job well done. We are happy to recommend some pet-friendly locations, just ask! 
What are the best locations for Photography in Durango Colorado? 
Colorado is a changeable weather state, and locations can vary so much from season to season. Luckily we know this area like the back of our hands and can help you find the perfect place. This is such a popular question that we’ve put together a comprehensive guide that will walk you through all of the locations we love. Download the complimentary guide now! 
Download Your Complementary Location Guide 
I have and will forever choose Allison for any pictures I ever need. We have had our family portraits as well as my senior photos done with Allison. She has always been willing to go out of her way to get the perfect shot. Not to mention the final product never disappoints. My family and I will always look forward to working with her and her team. For all your photo needs, choose Allison!!!
~ Hailey Voss 
ARP is our family photographer for life! They have documented all our precious moments for years, and we always LOVE the finished product. Allison and Matt are extremely professional, thoughtful and caring through out the entire process. They go above and beyond to make sure we are getting exactly what we envision, and that the entire family is happy during the shoot! Hands down our fav photographer. &lt;3
~ Krii Black 
RECENT DURANGO PHOTOSHOOTS
Check out some of our featured Durango photoshoots below. You’ll get to see some of our favorite places to take photos in Durango and get inspiration from some pictures of our wonderful clients!
allisonragsdale 2022-07-20T15:21:50+00:00 Best of Durango 2022 Voting is Open! 
allisonragsdale 2022-03-01T20:08:01+00:00 Cutest Kids Contest 2022 
allisonragsdale 2022-02-16T20:47:49+00:00 Stephanie&#8217;s Personal Branding Photoshoot 
CITIES WE SERVE
Durango, Bayfield, Ignacio, Hesperus, Mancos, Dolores, Telluride, Farmington, Cortez, Pagosa Springs, Aztec, Bloomfield and many more!
Contact Info
2877 Main Ave
Phone: 970-259-9255 
Email: [email&#160;protected] 
Durango Senior Photography 
Wedding Photography 
Professional Headshot Photography 
Family Photography 
Durango Engagement Photography 
Schedule A Free Planning Meeting 
What To Wear Guides 
Contact 
Copyright 2023 Allison Ragsdale Photography | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Site Map 
Facebook X Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Email 
Page load link 
Go to Top