Durango Engagement Photography - Durango Wedding and Family Photographers 
Skip to content 
Call Us Today! 970-259-9255 | i&#110;fo&#64;a&#108;li&#115;&#111;n&#114;a&#103;&#115;&#100;&#97;l&#101;p&#104;&#111;&#116;og&#114;&#97;&#112;&#104;&#121;&#46;c&#111;m 
Book a Planning Meeting 
FAMILIES 
 HEADSHOTS 
 SENIORS 
 ELOPEMENTS 
 WEDDINGS 
 ENGAGEMENTS 
 SCHOOL PHOTOS 
 SPECIAL OFFERS 
 BLOG 
 FAMILIES 
 HEADSHOTS 
 SENIORS 
 ELOPEMENTS 
 WEDDINGS 
 ENGAGEMENTS 
 SCHOOL PHOTOS 
 SPECIAL OFFERS 
 BLOG 
Durango Engagement Photography
FILL YOUR HOME WITH REMINDERS OF YOUR LOVE
Durango Engagement Photography allisonragsdale 2025-06-09T19:04:51+00:00 
“Happily ever after” never looked so good
“When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible” ~ When Harry Met Sally 
Congratulations on finding your soulmate! Getting engaged is such an important part of your story together, and one that should be celebrated.  This sweet time in your lives is the bridge between dating and the journey of marriage that you are getting ready to embark upon. It’s a time of excitement, full of hope and promise of the future.   
As a husband and wife team, we’ve seen firsthand how engagement photos work their magic on a couple who are planning a wedding. Stepping back from the stress of wedding planning and connecting with the person you fell in love with again is a gift you can give each other that you will never regret! 
We are happy to suggest locations in Durango for engagement photos that match your personalities and your vibe. Our style is a mix of relaxed romantic portraiture along with candid moments that capture real love and real smiles. 
Our 7-step process to perfect portraits it the cornerstone of making sure that start to finish; you’re going to LOVE your engagement photos. 
Our planning meetings answer any questions or concerns you might have 
We’ll advise on what to wear and locations you will love 
Being professionally photographed before your wedding helps alleviate concerns and fears! 
We will guide you into romantic but natural poses that feel like “you.” 
All you have to do is show up and smile. We’ll take care of the rest! 
After the session, we’ll show you all the fun and creative ways to display your portraits from Save the Date Cards to wall groupings 
You can fill your social media feed with your beautiful, heartfelt photos 
Book a Planning Meeting 
Call
Let’s schedule a free consultation and we can begin to plan! Each session is personalized and we want to answer all of your questions.
Plan
If history tells us anything, it’s that people who have a plan are more successful than those who don’t. We will walk you through our 7-step process to perfect portraits. 
Display
Adorn your walls, create an album, and send out prints to your friends and family. Display your pictures anywhere to be reminded of how beautiful your life is.
Achieve perfect engagement photos in 7 easy steps!
Think you’re not “photogenic”? We promise you; you are.  Let’s face it; most people haven’t been professionally photographed all that often!  That’s why we work with a 7-step process that we know that works to ensure that you feel confident and comfortable in front of the camera.  From planning through delivery, you’re going to experience a unique photo experience. We know that these photos will be cherished and will tell the delightful story of you as a couple. 
1. Plan
2. Session
3. Editing
4. Order
5. Retouch
6. Printing
7. Delivery
1. Plan
Plan. 
(n). the act of making a dream a reality.  
First things first – we’ll get together to plan your session. This plan will include your session location(s), props, outfits/style and how you might want to display your portraits. The planning step is crucial and the easiest way to avoid bad portraits. You will leave our studio confident in knowing exactly where you’re going, what you’re wearing, and that we will be telling your story.
Download Your Complementary What To Wear Guide 
2. Session
Portrait Session. 
Since we have already planned the entire session, you won’t feel awkward, unprepared, or nervous during the photo shoot. Believe it or not, you’ll actually enjoy the experience; 99.999% of our clients have fun on their sessions! Our team has done this a thousand times. You won’t even realize we will be guiding you to get completely natural moments and you will love the way you look. 
3. Editing
Still a little skeptical? Don’t be. (Because Photoshop) 
All portraits are professionally edited so they look perfect before you view them.   This is an important step along the way. Don’t be tricked by studios that don’t edit their photos before they are presented to you.   Seeing your edited photos shows you a more accurate depiction of the final photo.   This is critical when it comes to the next step and removes the guess work… 
4. Order
Customize your order – in person. 
We will get together after the photo shoot and go through the photos you love the most. 
Once we have helped you pick your favorites, we will talk through where to best to display your portraits in your home and help you pick the best size and style of wall art for your space.   We understand that purchasing and arranging art isn’t something you do everyday and it may even feel a little daunting. The good news is that arranging portraits IS something we do every day and we would love to answer any of your questions and share with you what we’ve learned over the years. We would also love to show you all of the other various options that enhance your order like albums, books, cards, prints, etc. You will be blown away when you see what we can create together. 
5. Retouch
Attention to detail. 
Now that we have your favorite photos picked out, we’ll send your photos back to our Photoshop wizard for retouch to remove any imperfections. So don’t worry out about the little things, like the wind in your hair. We have years of experience in retouching portraits and know exactly how to remove any nonpermanent imperfections to make your skin look flawless but not plastic. You won’t even realize Photoshop has been applied to your skin because you will just look like your natural, beautiful self. 
6. Printing
Professional printing. 
Your portraits aren’t just any old photos you can get printed anywhere. We send your photos to our lab that specializes in professionally printing portraits. Your products will be archival (meaning they will last forever) and are guaranteed to be individually hand printed and quality checked. Our lab are masters in printing on a variety of materials, which is crucial as you have a variety of print and display options for your portraits.   These prints reflect the beautiful parts of your life and our goal is for you to leave our studio with a high-quality, finished product 
7. Delivery
Special Delivery! 
We will get together to deliver your portraits that will last a lifetime (and then some!) We can have your portraits shipped directly to you if that’s the most convenient option or if you don’t live in the area. Other options include scheduling a pick up at our studio or we can even come hang your portraits on your walls for you! 
We promise that you’ll be just as excited about your portraits the day you pick them up as you will be many years later, after countless compliments from your friends and family. 
Rest assured, we will back all of your decisions and guarantee that if you decide the style or size is wrong; you can bring your portrait back and we will reprint it to perfectly match your home.   Our ultimate goal is to make sure you are 100% happy with your photos, forever.     
Book a Planning Meeting 
Thank you Allison! We are so excited about the photos and couldn’t have asked for a more quality photographer.
~ Nicole and Scott 
Allison was amazing to work with!! She is so kind and talented. The pictures turned out great!!! I highly recommend contacting Allison Ragsdale for your photography needs! I will be back from Texas for future picture needs for sure!!
~ Madison and Brandon 
FEATURED ENGAGEMENT PHOTOS
Book a Planning Meeting 
I contacted Allison for an engagement session, I searched online and found her to be the best in Durango. After speaking to her on the phone, I knew she was a perfect match. The day arrived and Allison arrived early which means she&#8217;s professional and ready for the job. Did our engagement pictures, she is so easy to work with, has a keen eye and the energy with her is just amazing. She has done everything possible to make us happy, I am so happy that I found her. You can&#8217;t go wrong with Allison, you will enjoy your pictures for many years to come! Thank you Allison for everything you have done for us. We LOVE YOU!
~ Eli and Pao 
Download your Complimentary
What To Wear Guide
Download Now 
SESSION PRICING
Lite
$ 895 
Up to 1 hour session
 Great for 1 location
 Great for 1 outfit
 10 Full Resolution Digital Images or $700 Print Credit
 Ordered Images are Fully Retouched and Print Ready
 Dropbox Link of all Images Ordered
 10% off additional Print Orders
 Add Additional Digital images for $49 Each
 Upgrade to all digital images from session available
 Book a Planning Meeting 
Signature
$ 1495 
Up to 2 hours session
 Great for 2 locations
 Great for 2 outfits
 20 Full Resolution Digital Images or $1200 Print Credit
 Ordered Images are Fully Retouched and Print Ready
 USB of Each Digital Image Ordered
 20% off additional Print Orders
 Add Additional Digital images for $49 Each
 Upgrade to all digital images from session available
 Book a Planning Meeting 
The Works
$ 1995 
Up to 3 hours session
 Great for 3 locations
 Great for 5 outfits
 40 Full Resolution Digital Images or $2000 Print Credit
 Ordered Images are Fully Retouched and Print Ready
 USB & a 4&#215;6 of Each Digital Image Ordered
 30% off additional Print Orders
 Add Additional Digital images for $49 Each 
 Upgrade to all digital images from session available
 Book a Planning Meeting 
If you are looking for shorter sessions, less digitals or more cost effective options &#8211; check out our headshot packages 
ALL SESSIONS INCLUDE
&times; Book a Planning Meeting
Instructional emails & videos 
Along the entire process to walk you through so you always know what to expect 
Planning Meeting
Up to a 45 minute planning meeting. Not sure where to start/how this works? We&#8217;ve got you covered! 
Best Location Guide 
Access to ARP exclusive locations, including our studio. Check out our favorite locations we&#8217;ve discovered over the past 12 years. Thankful we live in ColoRADo! 
At home design consult 
Want us to come look at your closet for clothing options and/or your walls for places to hang portraits? We&#8217;d love to. 
Hair/Makeup Recommendation 
We&#8217;ve partnered with the best salons, who graciously offer our amazing clients a special discounted price! 
In person ordering appointment 
Up to a 90 minute in person ordering appointment. Not sure how to order/share/display your pictures? Again, we&#8217;ve got you covered! 
Complimentary design on products 
Want grad cards or an album of all your favorite pictures in a modern, custom layout? We&#8217;re on it! 
Payment plans available 
Want everything but don&#8217;t want to pay for all of it at once? No problem. 
Featured on our social media 
We can&#8217;t wait to share your incredible portraits with the world! 
Frequently Asked Questions
How Many Photos Will We Get? 
The goal of these sessions is to show your relationship as an engaged couple. We never limit the number of photos taken at your session. Instead, we work with you to get you comfortable in front of our cameras. Sometimes that takes a little bit, as some people are naturally more comfortable in front of the lens than others. We&#8217;ll keep working until we get the results we desire. In general, you can expect about 30-60 of photos from your session 
How Do We Know Which Session is Right for Us? 
Just ask! We are happy to talk with you about the different sessions that we offer and what you can expect at each one of them. We want you to be delighted with your experience, and just like any good relationship, it starts with good communication. We are here to help! 
We Live Out of Town/Out of State. How Can We do the Planning Session? 
Not a problem at all! We work with many couples who are planning destination weddings and events in Durango. If you&#8217;re not able to come in and meet with us in person, we can schedule a video session online where we go over all the details with you. 
Where Should We Do the Session? 
We&#8217;ve been photographing engagements in Durango for many years, and we know lots of locations that are great for photos. If you don&#8217;t have a particular place in mind we will talk to you about the locations that we&#8217;ve worked at that produce spectacular photos during our planning session.  If you do have a site in mind, we can talk about the right time of day photograph there for the best results 
Can We Share Our Engagement Sessions on Social Media? 
Of course! We love it when our clients share their engagement photos on social media. We will provide you with web-ready files of all the photos that you choose from your session. These photos are a great way to get people excited about your upcoming wedding plans. 
Voted One of The Best Photographers in Durango 10 Years in a Row!
FEATURED ENGAGEMENT PHOTOSHOOTS
Check out some of our featured engagement photoshoots below. You&#8217;ll get to see some of our favorite places to take engagement photos in Durango and get inspiration from some pictures of our wonderful clients! 
allisonragsdale 2022-01-11T20:04:34+00:00 Surprise Engagement Session on Ice 
allisonragsdale 2021-03-22T23:18:22+00:00 Logan &#038; Tanner&#8217;s Colorado Winter Wonderland Engagement Pictures 
allisonragsdale 2021-01-19T23:56:12+00:00 Logan &#038; Tanner&#8217;s Winter Mountain Engagement Session 
Contact Info
2877 Main Ave
Phone: 970-259-9255 
Email: [email&#160;protected] 
Durango Senior Photography 
Wedding Photography 
Professional Headshot Photography 
Family Photography 
Durango Engagement Photography 
Schedule A Free Planning Meeting 
What To Wear Guides 
Contact 
Copyright 2023 Allison Ragsdale Photography | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Site Map 
Facebook X Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Email 
Page load link 
Go to Top