Services - Destination Wedding Photographer in Aspen, Beaver Creek, Vail 
About 
Weddings 
Services 
Portraits 
Blog 
Client Galleries 
Shop 
Contact 
Work Together 
Whether your a couple or planner, or a photographer ready to learn from me, I&#8217;d love to hear from you! 
I am currently booking destination weddings and portrait sessions, so please contact me soon to see if your date is open.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Inquire 
Intimate Weddings and Elopements
I&#8217;m so proud to offering small, intimate weddings, micro weddings, and elopements with my associate company Bound for the Mountains . Please inquire for more information about working with myself or a member of my team.
Starting at:
$4500
Inquire with Bound 
Destination Weddings
The weddings I capture are usually destination, multi-day events. I work with you to customize your photography collection specifically for your event. Inquire for a custom proposal with travel included. 
Starting at: 
$7500
Contact Andrea 
Portrait Sessions
I offer engagement and family sessions with Andrea Stark Photography and Bound for the Mountains. During your session, I use my personalized approach and gentle coaching to help you enjoy the process and love the way you look in your final images. 
Starting at: 
$750
Inquire 
Education for Photographers
Ready to uplevel your photography business? 
Learn from Andrea 
My premiere program Bound Education is a one-to-one, customized photography business coaching program unlike anything I&#8217;ve ever seen offered. 
We will work together to craft a strategy and implementation plan that will help you be bound for the next level in life and business.  
I&#8217;m a multi-hyphenate creative passionate about photography and creating a beautiful business and life. I&#8217;m an educator who values learning and the process of helping another female creative grow their own business that benefits. I&#8217;ve had the opportunity to create successful businesses and learn from the best in the industry. Let&#8217;s get focused where you&#8217;re bound! 
1-to-1 Coaching Calls
Brand & Social Media Content
Templates for your Business
Online Classroom
When you choose me as your coach, you get my decade-plus of experience and education in the industry. I&#8217;ve created a personalized program that allows you to learn the way you want to uncomplicate the areas that will make the biggest impact on your business. I&#8217;ll come alongside you, and help you in the areas you feel stuck in your business.
Contact Me
Phone: 870.421.4887
Email: andrea@andreastarkphoto.com 
Schedule a Phone Call 
Connect With Me
Subscribe
Receive special tips for mountain weddings, exploring Colorado and beautiful photo sessions.
Subscribe 
andreastarkphoto
Destination film & digital wedding photographer for couples bound for the mountains and beyond. 
Portrait inquiries: @boundforthemountains ®️
Olivia and Matt’s wedding at Spring Creeks Ranch i 
It doesn’t get any better than this! You won’t bel 
Today marks our own 10 year wedding anniversary! F 
Getting to celebrate & capture all your milestones 
Load More 
Follow on Instagram 
About 
Weddings 
Services 
Portraits 
Blog 
Client Galleries 
Shop 
Contact 
Phone: 870.421.4887 | Email: andrea@andreastarkphoto.com 
Andrea Stark Photography | Copyright 2023 and beyond
Follow 
 Follow 
 Follow 
Loading...
Loading Comments... 
Write a Comment... 
Email (Required) 
Name (Required) 
Website