-->
Denver Engagement Photographer Captures Unique Foodie Session at Local Hotspots 
top of page 
HOME 
ABOUT 
SERVICES 
WEDDINGS 
BRANDING + HEADSHOTS 
EVENTS 
LIFESTYLE 
PORTFOLIO 
BLOG 
SHOP 
CONTACT 
All Posts 
 Wedding 
 Business 
 Photography Essentials 
Search
Denver Engagement Photographer Captures Unique Foodie Session at Local Hotspots 
Kalen J Acquisto 
 May 10, 2025 
 2 min read 
A fun, flavorful Denver engagement session featuring love, delicious vibes, and a shared obsession with noodles and tacos - captured in the heart of Denver. 
Kalen Jesse Photography Co. | Pho House Denver 
You know that feeling when the universe delivers exactly what you didn&#x27;t know you needed? That&#x27;s precisely what happened when these two slid into my inbox. 
"We&#x27;d love to do an engagement shoot with you! We love your style. We&#x27;re hoping to do a shoot at our favorite pho shop and/or outside of our favorite taco truck !" Um, HELLO DREAM CLIENTS? рҹҳҚ 
As someone who has been known to plan entire vacations around restaurants and local food gems (no shame), photographing a cook and nutritionist celebrating their love over spicy tacos and steaming bowls of pho felt almost too perfect to be true. 
ThereвҖҷs just something so special about documenting people in their element- laughing across the table, passing bites, getting a little messy with the sauce. Watching them share that kind of everyday magic? My heart was full, and my stomach was not far behind. 
Of course, IвҖҷll always love the glow of a golden hour in a wide-open field or on top of a mountain. But thereвҖҷs also something deeply romantic about capturing the quiet joy of sharing your favorite meal with your favorite person. 
So if youвҖҷre dreaming up an engagement session thatвҖҷs a little outside the box, maybe even parked next to a taco truck, I am so В here for it. LetвҖҷs make something that feels like you . 
I&#x27;m officially making it my mission to convince more couples to ditch the traditional engagement session and instead document what they actually love doing together. Whether that&#x27;s slurping noodles, hitting up food trucks, or whatever feels true to your relationship. 
Note to all future clients: if your idea of romance involves food, WE ARE MEANT TO BE. My camera is ready, and yes, I&#x27;ll definitely need to sample the goods. You know, for artistic purposes only рҹҳүвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢвҖӢ 
Full Album: https://kalenjessephotography.pixieset.com/daniandseanengagement/ 
Tags:
 Photographer 
 Photography 
 Denver 
 Engagement 
 Wedding 
 Colorado 
 Proposal 
 Trending 
 Wedding 
Recent Posts
 See All 
 How to Get Married at the Denver Courthouse В 
I Just Got Engaged! Now What? В 
Everything you need to know about getting married and planning a wedding in Denver.... В 
Denver Branding, Wedding, Event + Lifestyle Photographer 
вҖӢ 
Documentary storytelling for life + business
Mрқ—Ҳрқ—Ҷрқ–ҫрқ—Үрқ—Қрқ—Ң рқ—’рқ—Ҳрқ—Һ *Т“бҙҮбҙҮКҹ*
рқ–Ўрқ—Ӣрқ–әрқ—Үрқ–Ҫрқ—Ӯрқ—Үрқ—ҖвҲҷрқ–¶рқ–ҫрқ–Ҫрқ–Ҫрқ—Ӯрқ—Үрқ—Җрқ—ҢвҲҷрқ–Өрқ—Ҹрқ–ҫрқ—Үрқ—Қрқ—ҢвҲҷрқ–Ҝрқ—Ҳрқ—Ӣрқ—Қрқ—Ӣрқ–әрқ—Ӯрқ—Қрқ—ҢвҲҷрқ–¬рқ—Һрқ—Ңрқ—Ӯрқ–ј
Denver вҶ вң§ Destination 
вҖӢ 
вҖӢ 
вҖӢ 
рқ–Ёрқ—Үрқ–јрқ—…рқ—Һрқ—Ңрқ—Ӯрқ—Ҹрқ–ҫ рқ–ірқ–ҫрқ–әрқ—Ҷ and Safe Space рқ–ҝрқ—Ҳрқ—Ӣ рқ– рқ–«рқ–« 
about 
weddings 
business 
lifestyle 
portfolio 
contact 
GET IN TOUCH 
Follow 
*No travel fees for Denver and DC, but will travel ANYWHERE for an additional fee. 
&copy; Kalen Jesse Photography Co. 2026 | Website by Kalen Acquisto + Beth Birchfield + Design by Remarkable Visuals 
bottom of page