-->
ABOUT | Kalen Jesse Photography Co. 
top of page 
HOME 
ABOUT 
SERVICES 
WEDDINGS 
BRANDING + HEADSHOTS 
EVENTS 
LIFESTYLE 
PORTFOLIO 
BLOG 
SHOP 
CONTACT 
About Us 
we exist to 
Document fleeting moments, events and life milestones to share an honest story. 
We foster connection and community between people, allowing space to celebrate all which makes us unique 
while uniting us in our shared experiences as humans. 
Our Mission
Capturing Life's Unfiltered Beauty 
From indescribable emotions to the often unnoticed details, we thrive on preserving the authentic, spontaneous, and messy moments that form the most meaningful memories. We bring your story to life visually, creating images that say what words sometimes can't. 
YOUR EXPERIENCE MATTERS. We are attentive and understanding, providing you with excellent customer service, attention to detail, and a safe space for all. Our approach is unobtrusive yet intentional . 
Our team includes multiple photographers (digital/film), videographers + content creators. 
OUR FOUNDER'S STORY 
Relationships first, fostering an environment allowing you to be yourself at every shoot.  
Based in Denver, Colorado, I have been capturing brands, events, families + love stories for the past 10 years. I live for the indescribable emotion in a fleeting moment, the essence of a person, the often unnoticed details or connections. 
​ 
My connection with photography grew over time as I realized life's fleeting nature. My love for photography started with my Grannyma Kit, who gave me my first 35mm film camera. She taught me how to compose a shot, hold my breath, and press the shutter. I'd run around her garden in my sparkly gymnastics leotard, snapping pictures of purple petunias and butterflies. As I got older, I watched my Grannyma's memories fade into the stronghold of dementia. It was painful seeing her lose touch with her past and the people she loved. That's when I started to realize how powerful photographs are as tangible memories. A photo can freeze a moment in time, even when the memories start to fade. Now, photography is all about preserving those fleeting moments for me. It's about capturing memories that last long after the day has passed, telling stories, and making sure those *feelings* never fade away. 
*capture the fleeting* 
​ 
While I will of course take the posed smiling shots, I thrive when capturing emotional, spontaneous moments&mdash;the ones you wish to preserve. I believe messy, unexpected moments form the most meaningful memories. My goal is to create authentic photos that evoke true feelings, capturing subjects in their unique element and environment, making each image and story unique. 
​ ​ 
Screenshot 2025-05-08 at 3.06.03 PM
Kalen Jesse Photography Co.
1/26
​Kalen Jesse Photography Co. is twofold: 
​ 
1. For BUSINESSES and ENTREPRENEURS, I capture your unique story through brand sessions + events. Together, we craft a strategic plan to curate a full content library that appeals directly to your target client or audience through visual storytelling and branding photos. 
​ 
2. For LIFESTYLE and WEDDINGS, I take time to learn your values, vision and get to know you to tell your full, honest story through documentary style photography. 
​ ​ Photography fuels my sense of adventure and allows me to connect deeply with people. Whether it's capturing the love between couples, fearless youth, passionate entrepreneurs, or sunsets slowly slipping behind peaks, I focus on real-life moments and genuine connections. Through my lens, I capture the unnoticed interactions and perfectly imperfect small moments, reminding us of the love, connection, and beauty in our turbulent, action packed world. 
After years in New Zealand, I now split my time between Denver, CO, and Washington DC and travel often for photo sessions. Fueled by connection and community, I dedicate my days to community building, entrepreneurship, angel investing, and startup consulting. With over a decade of experience and education, along with 1000+ sessions under my belt, I've refined a distinct yet timeless style. I have a journalistic storytelling approach to weddings, events, lifetsyle and commercial work. Whether it's capturing your brand, life moments, or collaborating on a project, I'm always up for an adventure. Reach out, and let's create something beautiful together! 
Cheers, Kalen Jesse 
WE CARE DEEPLY ABOUT 
People and their individual stories that make them unique 
Taking time to build valuable relationships 
Encouraging entrepreneurs, artists and doers 
what we do 
Experience the Power of Connection 
01. 
Weddings
Elopements
Engagements
Proposals 
02. 
Branding + Headshots 
03. 
Events 
04. 
Lifestyle 
"Kalen is not just incredibly talented with a poetic eye, she is also so much fun to work with. When we were planning a big retirement party for our beloved founder, there was no question who could best capture the nuances, emotion and energy of the night. 
Kalen moves stealthily and quietly - capturing beautiful, impromptu and genuine moments. Her experience as an artist and dancer shines through with her creativity and intentionality. Whether you are needing some updated headshots or capturing an important event, Kalen will provide you with beautiful images to last a lifetime." 
​ 
RiNo Art District, Events 
​ 
Humanness. Genuine connection. The perfectly imperfect. 
Your story starts here. 
GET IN TOUCH 
Denver Branding, Wedding, Event + Lifestyle Photographer 
​ 
Documentary storytelling for life + business
M𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌 𝗒𝗈𝗎 *ғᴇᴇʟ*
𝖡𝗋𝖺𝗇𝖽𝗂𝗇𝗀∙𝖶𝖾𝖽𝖽𝗂𝗇𝗀𝗌∙𝖤𝗏𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌∙𝖯𝗈𝗋𝗍𝗋𝖺𝗂𝗍𝗌∙𝖬𝗎𝗌𝗂𝖼
Denver ↠✧ Destination 
​ 
​ 
​ 
𝖨𝗇𝖼𝗅𝗎𝗌𝗂𝗏𝖾 𝖳𝖾𝖺𝗆 and Safe Space 𝖿𝗈𝗋 𝖠𝖫𝖫 
about 
weddings 
business 
lifestyle 
portfolio 
contact 
GET IN TOUCH 
Follow 
*No travel fees for Denver and DC, but will travel ANYWHERE for an additional fee. 
&copy; Kalen Jesse Photography Co. 2026 | Website by Kalen Acquisto + Beth Birchfield + Design by Remarkable Visuals 
bottom of page