-->
Denver Wedding Photographer | Kalen Jesse Photography Co. 
top of page 
HOME 
ABOUT 
SERVICES 
WEDDINGS 
BRANDING + HEADSHOTS 
EVENTS 
LIFESTYLE 
PORTFOLIO 
BLOG 
SHOP 
CONTACT 
Denver + Destination
Weddings, Elopements, Engagements + Proposal Photographer
DENVER WEDDING AND ELOPEMENT PHOTOGRAPHER 
With us, it's not just about taking pictures&mdash;it's about building a connection. We specialize in capturing the heart and soul of your wedding day through the art of elevated documentary-style visual storytelling. 
We're a creative documentary lifestyle photography team specializing in digital, film, and videography with over a decade of experience. Based in Denver, we're always ready to travel wherever your story takes us.
Our commitment goes beyond photography. Working with us is an investment we take very seriously. I call this an investment because you're investing in more than just photos&mdash;you're investing in an experience and a connection that ensures your memories are beautifully preserved for a lifetime. We take on a limited number of weddings each year to ensure every client gets our full attention. We are by your side throughout the entire journey, providing guidance, emotional support, outfit touchups, timeline curation, and creative suggestions and we personalize every session to showcase the uniqueness of your story. 
creative approach 
One of our core strengths is our ability to discern when to step in as creative directors and when to quietly document the moment. With a heartfelt, natural style, we seamlessly blend gentle direction with candid storytelling. Your day should feel genuine, never staged or like a production. We want you to look back on your photos years down the road and be transported back to the to the raw emotion and how you *felt* on your special day. 
Warm. Joyful. Inclusive. Trusted. Authentic. 
Gaelen + Jason Wedding 
"If you are looking for a photographer for any celebration in life (engagement, wedding, branding for your business, etc.) and have reservations about selecting the "right person" like I did - look NO further. We hired Kalen to photograph our engagement pictures and wedding day, and I cannot put into words how incredibly BLOWN AWAY we were by the quality of her work and dedication to us as her clients to ensure the most loving, memorable, and individualized experience. She is transparent and genuine in all her interactions, goes the extra mile to make the process smooth and easy, and takes the time to actually get to know and build relationships with her clients so their visions are not lost. W e are so in love with our photos AND the experience!! Thank you for capturing the fleeting and gifting us such wonderful memories." 
. 
COUPLE'S SESSION / ENGAGEMENT in Denver 
$900 
1-1.5 hour session (up to 30miles from Denver included) 
Professionally edited high resolution digital downloads for ALL images (100+ images in color and B&W) 
Online gallery for you to share around with your friends and family, and instant download with social media share access! 
Multiple Outfit Changes if desired (x2) 
Unlimited printing + social media rights included 
Option to order Save The Dates directly from the album! 
COURTHOUSE OR COUPLE- ONLY ELOPEMENT in Denver 
$2200 
2 hours of coverage 
Consultation + planning assistance - locations, timeline, + permitting requirement support 
Professionally edited high resolution digital downloads for all images (100+ images in color and B&W) 
Online gallery for you to share around with your friends and family, + instant download with social media share access! 
Unlimited printing + social media rights included 
INTIMATE WEDDING Photography in Denver 
$4000 
Intimate Wedding or Elopement (up to 40 guests) 
4 hours of coverage *(option to add additional hours) 
Consultation + planning assistance - locations, timeline, + permitting requirement support 
Complimentary travel up to 60 miles roundtrip from Denver (ie. Boulder) 
Professionally edited high resolution digital downloads for all images (300+ images in color + B&W) 
Online password protected gallery for you to share around with your friends and family, + instant download with social media share access! 
Unlimited printing + social media rights included 
CLASSIC WEDDING Photography in Denver 
Inquire For Destin ation Celebra tions 
$7400 average investment (can be modified as needed) 
all inclusive Full Storytelling with Time for Candid + Editorial Moments - customizable packages! 
8 hours of coverage (Can add up to 10 hours) 
Includes 50% off optional 1 hour engagement session in Denver 
Includes an additional KJ+Co team photographer for 6 hours 
Consultation + planning assistance - locations, timeline, + permitting requirement support 
Complimentary travel up to 60 miles roundtrip from Denver (ie. Boulder) 
Professionally edited high resolution digital downloads for all images (800+ images in color + B&W) 
Online gallery for you to share around with your friends and family, + instant download with social media share access! 
Unlimited printing + social media rights included 
Option to order high quality archival prints + albums directly from the online gallery 
Film Photography, Photobooth, Videography, Vinyl DJ other add-ons available (discount if booked with a Classic Wedding package) 
​ 
MORE INFO + FAQs 
*Every wedding is different ----- Let us know the details of your special day so we can tailor packages to your specific needs (ie. payment plans, add ons, number of hours etc!) 
*Full Weekend coverage starting at $10K (rehearsal dinner and 1-hour adventure session) 
get in touch 
get in touch 
get in touch 
get i n touch 
Our Ethos: 
Mostly candid, still guided..... 
Timeless yet artistic e diting..... 
Warm, authentic moments of connection 
MORE INFO + FAQs 
WEDDING ALBUMS 
300+ Google Reviews 
We're more than photographers&mdash;we're your right-hand support.
Kalen takes the time to connect with you, uncovering your vision, values, and what matters most. Think of us as an unofficial wedding planner and support team&mdash; helping with anything from vendor suggestions and family photo groupings to timeline planning and the little details that make the day run smoothly.
With thoughtful organization and clear communication, we make your wedding feel effortless, intentional, and truly extraordinary &mdash;
so you can focus on soaking up every moment x
Kirsten and David Wedding 
Where do I even begin? Kalen is the GOAT and there is literally NO ONE BETTER. We met Kalen through a friend a few years ago, and have had a front row seat for some time now in witnessing her dedication and passion for her craft. It was a no brainer for us to entrust her with our wedding photography, and boy oh boy are we glad we did. When we kicked off planning with Kalen, her first set of questions was around our values as a couple and the vision we had for our big day. It was clear her priority was understanding our story and what makes our relationship unique, so that should could meet us where we were. I think this speaks volumes about the level of care and quality we could expect from Kalen. . 
(continued on next slide) 
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO WORK WITH US 
01 
Let's Connect 
02 
Planning, Support & Personalization 
03 
Engagement Session 
04 
Final Details 
05 
Wedding Day 
06 
Sneak Peeks 
07 
Full Gallery & Heirlooms 
08 
Ongoing Storytelling 
LEARN MORE 
Wedding Resources 
How to Get Married at the Denver Courthouse 
I Just Got Engaged! Now What?
Everything you need to know about getting married and planning a wedding in Denver....
1 2 3 4 5 
Denver Branding, Wedding, Event + Lifestyle Photographer 
​ 
Documentary storytelling for life + business
M𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌 𝗒𝗈𝗎 *ғᴇᴇʟ*
𝖡𝗋𝖺𝗇𝖽𝗂𝗇𝗀∙𝖶𝖾𝖽𝖽𝗂𝗇𝗀𝗌∙𝖤𝗏𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌∙𝖯𝗈𝗋𝗍𝗋𝖺𝗂𝗍𝗌∙𝖬𝗎𝗌𝗂𝖼
Denver ↠✧ Destination 
​ 
​ 
​ 
𝖨𝗇𝖼𝗅𝗎𝗌𝗂𝗏𝖾 𝖳𝖾𝖺𝗆 and Safe Space 𝖿𝗈𝗋 𝖠𝖫𝖫 
about 
weddings 
business 
lifestyle 
portfolio 
contact 
GET IN TOUCH 
Follow 
*No travel fees for Denver and DC, but will travel ANYWHERE for an additional fee. 
&copy; Kalen Jesse Photography Co. 2026 | Website by Kalen Acquisto + Beth Birchfield + Design by Remarkable Visuals 
bottom of page