Wedding Venue - Mountain Wedding Garden 
2027 UPDATE: The Mountain Wedding Garden will be closed for the 2027 season. 
Sign In 
 Create Account 
My Account 
 Signed in as:
filler@godaddy.com
My Account 
 Sign out
Signed in as:
 filler@godaddy.com
Home 
 Calendar 
 Community Partners 
 Contact 
 Gallery 
 Information & Rates 
 Account
My Account 
 Sign out
Sign In 
 My Account 
2027 Season - CLOSED
 The Mountain Wedding Garden will be closed for the 2027 season due to Town Hall & Wedding Garden venue improvements. Regarding booking 2028 dates, please circle back in June 2027. 
Venue Information
 The Mountain Wedding Garden venue is considered a do-it-yourself venue! You can transform this space into anything you dream up and make your day as unique as you. We do not offer staff members available for your day, nor assist with planning, organization, or configuration of the space, that's all up to you or the planner you work with. Please review the detailed information below of what's included with your Mountain Wedding Garden rental before emailing or calling Town staff. 
What&#x27;s Included
Eighteen (18), eight-foot banquet tables 
125 white chairs 
String lighting
Large steel trough (4ft L x 2ft H x 2.5ft W) for ice/keep beverages cold
3'x2.5' charcoal grill
Free WiFi
Electrical outlets
Lights
Water
Restrooms
Free parking (about 25 spots)
The garden will seat about 200 guests 
The pavilion will seat up to 125 guests 
Wedding Garden 
 Many couples envision exchanging their vows in a mountain meadow, knee-deep in flowers, but are faced with issues of accessibility. Our wedding venue has lush meadows nearby, a beautiful garden, and practical amenities. A flagstone aisle transitions into the vows area, where the views are breathtaking. The garden is radiant with traditional garden flowers and wildflowers, hanging baskets, shrubs, and trees. The garden seats up to 200 guests, however, we only provide 125 chairs. Thus, if you have more than 125 guests, you will need to make other arrangements to accommodate additional seating. 
Pavilion 
 The park pavilion measures 30 by 12 feet and is 25.5 feet wide and is perfect for an event location or reception. It's completely enclosed on two sides, the third side has beautiful wood barn doors and the fourth side (looking north) is completely open. The pavilion fits 100 people comfortably (with 125 allowed) and has plenty of electrical outlets on each wall. 
A diagram of the pavilion can be found here . 
Additional Information 
 There are no kitchen facilities on-site and there are no changing rooms. If you are hosting a dinner, you will need to rent linens, china, silverware, etc. 
Alcohol is allowed at the venue and we do not require you to have a liquor license. The only thing you are not allowed to do is have a cash bar. You can bring your own into the venue, serve it, hire someone else to serve it, etc. 
When booking the garden, you have the use of the garden for three (3) hours. When booking the pavilion for a reception along with the garden you may use both spaces the entire day from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. There can be no assurance of the area being free from snow from mid-September to mid-June. Snow may be removed with permission from Mt. Crested Butte town officials. 
Transportation 
 The Wedding Garden is located about one mile north from the base area of Crested Butte Mountain Resort (CBMR) . We encourage guests to carpool (limited parking), walk or ride the bus! From the base area, guests can utilize First Tracks through Mountain Express to get to the wedding garden for free (which is a seasonal shuttle on-demand service similar to Uber). If you'd like private transportation to and from the venue, you can contact Alpine Express or Dolly's Mountain Shuttle . 
Rates 
 Rental Rates 
We allow the wedding garden and pavilion to be booked separately Monday-Thursday and require them to be booked together Friday-Sunday. Due to snow, the venue is closed from October through May.
Garden & Pavilion (Friday or Sunday) 
 $2,000
Garden (Monday-Thursday)
 $800
Clean up/Damage Deposit
 $1,000
Garden & Pavilion (Saturday&#x27;s) 
 $2,500
Pavilion (Monday-Thursday) 
 $700
Locals Discount
If you are local to the Gunnison Valley, please enquire about our locals discount.
Contract Example
Sample Contract
Mountain Wedding Garden Sample Contract 
Additional Details 
 A fifty percent non-refundable deposit is due seven days after your contract date unless your date is rebooked which includes the $500 (of the $1,000) refundable clean-up/damage deposit. The remaining balance is due 60 days before your event. 
A list of regulations and a checklist will be sent to you with all details. Reservations are accepted on a first-come, first-served basis. When booking the garden, you have the use of the garden for three (3) hours. When booking the pavilion for a reception along with the garden you may use both spaces for the entire day from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. 
Copyright © 2022 Mountain Wedding Garden - All Rights Reserved. 
Powered by 
Calendar 
 Community Partners 
 Gallery 
 Information & Rates 
This website uses cookies.
 We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. 
Accept