Home | Love Stories With Jen 
blog
 contact
 investment
 about
 home
wedding, elopement, and couples photographer
COLORADO FILM PHOTOGRAPHER
Capturing your
love story
As Hozier sings in Someone New, “I fall in love just a little bit every day with someone new”, and for me, that's falling in love with the authenticity of human connection when I meet and photograph people. Photography gives me a glimpse into lives and relationships that are all beautifully different, and preserving those fleeting moments is a joy I’ll never take for granted.
photography is about capturing souls not smiles
View packages
I’m a Colorado Film photographer specializing in wedding, elopement, and couples photography with a love for telling honest, heartfelt stories through both digital and 35mm film photography.
meet jen
I capture the in-between moments so that you remember not just how your day looked, but how it felt. My style blends timeless artistry and genuine connection to create photographs that truly feel like your love story.
learn more
I'm so happy you are here!
my work
view the blog
weddings
Elopements
Storytelling sessions
(couples and families)
“It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.'
Henry David Thoreau
.01
.02
.03
see packages
Our family photos by Jen were absolutely incredible, and the photoshoot itself was genuinely a blast! We have a very energetic toddler, and Jen was very fun and professional in being able to work with our dynamic to consistently compose really authentically special moments. The pictures were stunning, and equally important, everyone in the family felt very comfortable throughout the process which allowed for sincere warm emotions to really shine in the photos. She went above and beyond and the result was priceless keepsakes that our family will treasure for a lifetime. We’re so happy we went with Jen to capture this season in our family’s story! 
"She went above and beyond and the result was priceless keepsakes that our family will treasure for a lifetime."
- Johnson Family 
The only photographer I trust with capturing my partner and me! Jen has the eye; she truly sees the vision and pours intention into every shot. She’s incredibly detail-oriented and consistently delivers the most jaw-dropping images. We’ve had multiple sessions with her, and every time I’m completely blown away. She makes our love feel cinematic. Every shoot feels relaxed, comfortable, and like she genuinely sees us. Jen gives direction in a way that makes everything feel natural and authentic, and you can feel that in the photos.
"She makes our love feel cinematic. Every shoot feels relaxed, comfortable, and like she genuinely sees us."
- Brooke + Taylor
Our experience with her was top-tier. Her quality of work is exceptional; we told her our vision, and she went above and beyond to execute exactly what we wanted! We will cherish our photos forever. Love Stories with Jen officially has a customer for life, we love her and her work dearly.
"Jen was the best investment we made for our wedding."
- Madison + Andrew
love notes:
sent with love
blog
 contact
 investment
 about
 home
want your love documented?
Inquire Here
 All Rights Reserved | Website Designed By Bec's Design Co.
Blog Contact investment About Home 
Menu