Denver Wedding & Elopement Photographer | HoneyLensPhoto 
Get on the 2026 Calendar!
ABOUT PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT CONTACT 
HoneyLensPhoto BLOG HOME 
Denver Micro-Wedding and Elopement Photography
One-of-a-kind photography to capture your one-of-a-kind love story 
 Capturing micro-weddings and elopements in Denver + throughout Colorado
One-of-a-kind photography to capture your one-of-a-kind love story . Capturing micro-weddings and elopements in Denver + throughout Colorado
Your love story tells itself to everyone around you
...The tenderness you infuse into how you speak of one another 
...The special way that together every experience an adventure, from your weekly errands to traveling the world
...The type of secret language where you don’t even need to speak to be heard 
Your love is one for the ages and now, you’re planning a beautiful and intentional celebration to recognize this next chapter in your life in the beautiful Colorado nature. 
→ An intentional celebration of your love - from who you invite to the nature surrounding you, you decided to have a micro-wedding or elopement so you could focus on what matters most to you.
→ Great quality portraits that tell your love story - forget the stiff headshots or standard cake-cutting shots. 
→ One-of-a-kind lifestyle documentary-style photography with a hint of whimsy that genuinely tells your love story 
→ Prompts more than posing - from an experienced photographer who will genuinely lead you and make you feel more comfortable on your special day 
→ To preserve your memories for a lifetime - to capture the beginning or blending of your family. 
All you desire is… 
you’re in the right place. 
Capturing the breathtaking heirloom portraits you desire most, leaving out the ordinary and overdone shots. 
The HoneyLens Method
Equipped with my camera + my vision, I also bring to your special day… 
01. FOCUS 
Whether scaling a hillside to capture the perfect shot or helping you rent a dress at the last minute, consider me your creative partner on your day.
02. ADAPTABILITY 
As a wedding and family lifestyle photographer who’s captured over 500 families and 150 couples, I’m here to capture everyone important to your day beautifully. 
03. HOLISTIC EXPERIENCE 
With a custom timeline for your photo shoot and a strong team of editors, I efficiently deliver high-quality photos back to you. 
04. STREAMLINED EASE 
I feel so lucky to grow with the families I capture throughout the years. I deeply care about capturing who you are and how you want to capture your special day, and I will sincerely listen to ensure we bring it to life.
05. A RICH RELATIONSHIP 
Three full hours of coverage for your special event 
 Investment: $1,350.00 
Also available: 
 1 hour of coverage: $600.00 
 2 hours of coverage: $975.00 
Inquire for celebrations over 3 hours
INQUIRE →
New
Romantics
Micro-Wedding and Elopement Photography 
the
→ Denver & Denver Foothills
→ Boulder
→ Conifer
Based in the Denver foothills, some of my favorite places to photograph your special day are in the mountains
Available to capture your special day throughout Colorado: 
Travel fees apply outside of the Denver foothills 
→ Evergreen
→ Morrison
→ Golden
→ Breckenridge
View Micro-Wedding and Elopement Photography Portfolio
Micro- Wedding and Elopement Photography Portfolio
She joined us at our wedding and brought such a positive, bright energy. Our pictures are absolutely STUNNING from start to finish- and she stuck around as long as we needed her! Our gallery truly showed how beautiful the day was in a way that is so us! You can tell when someone truly loves what they do- and she is no exception! 10/5 stars all day!!
 - Kylee and Skyler
“Our pictures are absolutely STUNNING…"
LisaAnn was spectacular to work with! The photos she captured from our elopement are a dream come true. She was very helpful when helping us choose locations, had a lot of great poses for us to try out and kept us laughing the whole time! She is truly talented behind the camera, and her photos speak for themselves. I will forever cherish these photos. I cannot thank you enough!
 - Raquel
“I will forever cherish these photos…"
(not an easy thing to do) and was lovely to be around (very important on a wedding day!) Our pictures are absolutely beautiful. I can't recommend HoneyLensPhoto enough!!
 - Hannah
“She made us feel comfortable in front of the camera …"
She was kind and patient and knew exactly what she was doing and it shows in her work. Our photos are absolutely stunning. I highly recommend booking her for your next special moment, you will be so happy you did.
 - Olivia
“She captured my micro wedding perfectly… 
Incredible wedding pictures and so incredibly personable. Thank you so much!!
 - Damon
“I wish I could give 10 stars…"
Lisa Ann is patient, kind, creative, and adaptable. Our engagement photos included our 6 dogs, she was able to capture all of their personalities individually and as a family. She was able to capture our vision perfectly.
 - Ilyssa 
“She was able to capture our vision perfectly…"
Over 150 Happy Couples Captured
How quickly will I get my images?
Do you require a retainer?
Is the retainer refundable? 
Do you provide wardrobe assistance?
Can I bring my pets?
What is your experience in working with special needs or differing abilities?
Can I order prints or canvas wall art directly from you?
Frequently Asked Questions
Will you travel to me?
How quickly will I get my images? 
Please allow four weeks to receive your images for elopements and celebrations. Social media sneak peeks are usually available within 72 hours.
back
Do you require a retainer?
Yes. Upon booking, I require a 50% retainer to reserve your day and time. This is applied toward your final balance. The final balance is due on the day of your celebration. 
back
Is the retainer refundable?
Kindly, no, as your time is set aside and reserved, and the studio has foregone other work to capture your beautiful story.
back
Do you provide wardrobe assistance?
YES! The studio has a paid subscription available to you for interactive wardrobe selection. I can also facilitate dress rentals for engagement sessions or special celebrations. 
back
Can I bring my pets?
Yes, please do! I love pet photography, especially in senior portraits. I’ve photographed cats, heaps of dogs, and even a turkey in our outdoor lifestyle sessions.
back
What is your experience in working with special needs or differing abilities? 
I’m a former middle school basketball coach, mama of four, and long-time substitute teacher, including SPED. I have extensive experience with children and adults of all abilities, including (but not limited to) autism, down syndrome, and sensory processing disorders.
back
Can I order prints or canvas wall art directly from you?
Absolutely! Hug your house and make it a home with one-of-a-kind artwork that tells your love story. 
back
Will you travel to me? 
I work within the Denver foothills region (Evergreen, Morrison, Conifer, Golden, Bailey) and include all travel fees within that range. Are you headed for the mountains? Though additional fees apply, I can travel to Breckinridge and other mountain destinations. Simply inquire with me to learn more! Whether you’re getting married at a venue or Airbnb/VRBO rental, I can travel to you for your special day.
back
Baby just say yes… 
Let’s capture the sweet-as-honey moments of your celebration, with timeless lifestyle photography that tells your love story … 
INQUIRE →
©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved
Contact
 Home
 About
 investment
 PORTFOLIO
 Website designed by Lauren Taylar
 ©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Website Design Credit | Website Copywriting Credit 
Website Copywriting By: Lauren Osselton Creative 
 HoneyLensPhoto is committed to celebrating joy, love and families of all backgrounds. You and your loved ones are welcome + safe here expressing the core pieces of who YOU are.
HoneyLensPhoto 
Denver Colorado Photographer 
Micro Weddings + Elopements - Family Lifestyle - Senior Portraits 
BLOG
 Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy 
©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved
portfolio contact
 about
 Home
 BLOG
 INVESTMENT
HoneyLensPhoto