About LisaAnn - Denver Photographer | HoneyLensPhoto 
Get on the 2026 Calendar!
ABOUT PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT CONTACT 
HoneyLensPhoto BLOG HOME 
Meet Lisa Ann, Photographer in Denver, Colorado
Behind the Lens:
The HoneyLens Photo Story 
The ‘HoneyLensPhoto’ name originates in my family, as one of my daughters is named Honey-Lynn. Since I started this studio with a deep understanding of how tricky it can be to capture the beautiful fleeting moments of your family from my own experience , I had to honor us in this name. 
You see, I was that mom with four under 5 years old, toting a carry-on-sized diaper bag with me everywhere I went ( a chaotic yet magical stage ). And now I’m the mom to growing high-school + middle-school-aged children, wondering how on earth that went so fast. It’s true what they say: the days go slow, but the years go fast. 
When my kids were young, getting family photos done that showed our true nature , where we looked + felt like us was rough. I decided to become a photographer to change the nature of the industry to support families like mine + yours better. To meet your family where you’re at. I’m committed to creating a world-class experience that makes you feel seen, heard, and captured in your family’s essence because I know what it feels like to be on the other side of the lens. 
It’s about letting your family just be you. We’ll go on an adventure together, letting your kids lead the way with their natural wonder and curiosity (then intentionally posing your family around these natural moments!). When we let this happen, we can capture your family’s pure spirit in beautiful, timeless images. 
I’m well-versed in working with kids of all ages and backgrounds and pride myself on making everyone feel comfortable, unique, and exceptional in our shoots. I have extensive experience with children and adults of all abilities, including autism, down syndrome, and sensory processing disorders, that I bring to make sure everyone feels safe, seen, and comfortable. 
HoneyLensPhoto is committed to capturing the authentic essence of who your family is.
Capturing the breathtaking heirloom portraits you desire most, leaving out the ordinary and overdone shots. 
The HoneyLens Method
What I bring to your photography experience: 
01. FOCUS 
Whether it’s scaling a hillside to capture the perfect shot or getting all of your kiddos, horses, and dogs all looking at the camera at once, there’s no challenge I’m not up for. 
02. ADAPTABILITY 
As a wedding and family lifestyle photographer who’s captured over 500 families, I’m here to capture everyone important to you beautifully. 
03. HOLISTIC EXPERIENCE 
With a custom timeline for your photo shoot and a strong team of editors, I efficiently deliver high-quality photos back to you. 
04. STREAMLINED EASE 
I feel so lucky to grow with the families I capture throughout the years. I deeply care about capturing who you are and will work closely with you to ensure that happens!
05. A RICH RELATIONSHIP 
Capturing the sweet-as-honey moments of life, 
from eloping with your favorite person to celebrating your child’s grad together + all the joyful milestones in between… 
When I look back on the memories I have of my children as little ones, I feel such a wave of warmth and pride, remembering every sweet and special moment from each age. Now that I’m part mom, part chauffeur/tutor/chef/coach, shuttling them to a million and one activities or staying up until midnight studying bio, these memories of when things were so much simpler bring me peace and comfort amidst the seas of change. But don’t get me wrong, I love that I now get to share my joys of thrifting and Taylor Swift with my daughters and watch my son play football! 
When, as a parent, you’re faced with change, it’s this peculiar, delicious mix of grief and pride. It’s a realization that things will never quite be the same. 
This is why I love intentional photography that hugs the walls of your home, reminding you of the entire, rich story of your family. I love capturing your memories into beautiful, heirloom photography you can cherish throughout your life. 
I’m lucky enough to witness the families I photograph change and grow just as I see them with my own. But the magic of photography is that it freezes each special stage and moment. 
It goes so fast … 
Things I love unapologetically … 
Taylor Swift 
Watching my son play football 
Big families 
Thrifting with my girls 
Relearning all the AP courses I took in high school (jokes) 
Treating everyday life like a special occasion 
Traveling 
Cardio in all forms 
Watching my son play football 
I cannot say enough positive things about LisaAnn! Not only is she an incredible photographer but she is an amazing person! She did our engagement & wedding photos. Having never taken professional pictures before, she was extremely easy to work with! She has such a calming fun ease about her, and calmed all my nerves I had before the wedding. I’m so in love with our forever photos, she really captured the essence of our personalities. I would love to work with her again & can’t wait for more family photos in the future!
 - Laura
“She has such a calming fun ease about her, and calmed all my nerves… 
Lisa got me in her schedule so we could take advantage of the leaves, she is great with kids and goes the extra mile to make the shot unforgettable!”
 - Annie
“Don’t think twice, book her."
Lisa is absolutely amazing!! If you are looking for a fantastic photographer who will capture the most beautiful images, look no further. Lisa is so friendly and professional. She did an incredible job working with us and with my newborn son. She made sure we got all of the poses we wanted, while keeping him happy and making sure he was safe. The images she captured are stunning. She created such a beautiful memory for our little family that we will cherish forever.
 - Maria
“She really takes the time to get to know you on a personal level so that the images really represent who you are…"
testimonials
My favorite places to capture your special day are the Denver Foothills, Evergreen, Boulder, and Breckenridge because of the stunning scenery.
Some of my fave photography spots:
INQUIRE →
©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved
Contact
 Home
 About
 investment
 PORTFOLIO
 Website designed by Lauren Taylar
 ©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Website Design Credit | Website Copywriting Credit 
Website Copywriting By: Lauren Osselton Creative 
 HoneyLensPhoto is committed to celebrating joy, love and families of all backgrounds. You and your loved ones are welcome + safe here expressing the core pieces of who YOU are.
HoneyLensPhoto 
Denver Colorado Photographer 
Micro Weddings + Elopements - Family Lifestyle - Senior Portraits 
BLOG
 Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy 
©HoneyLensPhoto 2022-2026 - All Rights Reserved
portfolio contact
 about
 Home
 BLOG
 INVESTMENT
HoneyLensPhoto