-->
The Cheers Company | Speech Writing 
top of page 
THE CHEERS COMPANY 
 Home
Services
Toasts 
 Ceremonies 
 Vows 
 Officiant 
About
Contact
Blog
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Collaborative
Speech Writing
Helping You sound like the best version of You
Contact Us 
TESTIMONIALS 
Barbara Burge 
Florida 
"I had a great experience working with Jonathon at the cheers company! He took my outline, and after interviewing me, and listening to my stories, tweaked what I had written, and made it absolutely perfect. The toast made people laugh, reminisce, and even shed a few tears. This was completely worth the money!" 
THE CHEERS COMPANY PROCESS 
Our writing process, which elevates you to the role of executive producer, comes down to three easy steps. 
Guided 
Bra instorm 
We email our clients a copy of our intake form to get an idea of what they want their speech to be.
Chat 
We host a 20 to 25 minute phone call with our clients to get a feel for their voice and personality.
Write 
We compose a speech based on our clients' specifications. Then, after a little more back and forth with the client, polish it to perfection. 
Services 
SERVICES 
Work with us 
to build a wedding toast , ceremony , or vows that 
your loved ones 
will always 
remember . 
​ 
Click below to email us and set up a free consultation today. 
​ 
CONTACT 
OUR MISSION 
​ 
"It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech." 
Mark Twain 
At The Cheers Company, we believe that Wedding Toasts are supposed to be fun, not feared. They are to be embraced as an opportunity to take the stage and fill a room. With laughter. And love. And maybe even cheers. 
​ 
The Cheers Company, then, is not just about providing people with first class writing services. It's about providing them with confidence. And helping them sound like themselves, in all the very best ways. 
285 Mahoney Drive 
Telluride 
CO 81435 
Tel: 719-310-6975 
jonathon@ 
thecheerscompany.com 
&copy; 2023 by Cheers Co. 
Proudly created with Wix.com 
bottom of page