Top Denver Wedding Photographer 
0 
Skip to Content
Home
Weddings
Proposals
Portraits
The Blog
About
CONTACT
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Home
Weddings
Proposals
Portraits
The Blog
About
CONTACT
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
Home
Weddings
Proposals
Portraits
The Blog
About
CONTACT
A COLORADO PHOTOGRAPHER
CAPTURING PHOTOS That Look and Feel Like You 
INQUIRE WITH CATHERINE
COLORADO PHOTOGRAPHY
DOCUMENTING THE PEOPLE & MOMENTS That Matter Most 
Split-second tears, spontaneous dance moves, twirling kids, tender hugs, and rambunctious pets, I’m here to capture all these moments and more.
 I bring a calm, encouraging presence and use a documentary * approach to photograph all stories.
 I use this approach to photography to capturing life events and emotions in a straightforward way. It still involves posed photos, but often documentary photography pairs with an activity or event, so a photographer can capture who you are, not just what you look like. 
 Learn more about Colorado documentary photography here. 
YOUR Photo Experience 
LET’S MEET
 Before I photograph anything, we’ll connect so I can understand you, what matters to you, and how you want your photos to feel (i.e., playful, romantic, etc). This keeps your photo experience feeling easy and true to you. 
WE’LL PLAN
 I’ll provide support in regards to timing, location, and logistics so you can show up to your session present and excited. 
YOUR PHOTO EXPERIENCE
 On the day of I’ll start our time off with helpful tips and directions. Throughout the photo session, I’ll switch between hopping in with direction, posing, and stepping back to capture both posed and candid photos.
PHOTO DELIVERY
 After your session, I’ll sort and timelessly edit your photos. You’ll receive your photos via an easy-to-use online gallery. From there, you can share, download, and print these moments over and over again!
KIND WORDS FOR Catherine 
“We are so grateful for Catherine. We were initially drawn to her work because she captures moments in such an authentic style. The photos she delivered were natural, emotional, and reflective of who we are as people. She’s instantly at ease in any environment and calms those around her. We loved the way she chatted through pose options with humor and grace- she let us feel like we were in our own space and left us to experience the magic of the day.” - Hannah & Kyle
“We hired Catherine for both of our son’s weddings and a couple’s photo shoot with my wife and me. Catherine’s work is inspirational. Both Daughter’s-in-law are grateful for Catherine’s documentation of their happiest day, even after 3 and 1 year after the weddings. Spontaneously, they tell of how beautiful the photographs are and how much they appreciate them. On the fence about hiring Catherine Norwood? Just make the decision to go with Catherine on your most important journey.” - Frank
“My partner and I are not the most natural in front of a camera, but Catherine coached us with kindness and confidence. Our pictures look incredible and we had a great time shooting with her!” - Kristian
ABOUT Catherine Norwood Photo 
 a Colorado Photographer
 Catherine Norwood is a Colorado photographer with over 12 years of portrait photography experience, over 9 years of wedding photography experience, and collegiate-level photographic training. In addition to photography, Catherine is passionate about fostering spaces of belonging and teaching mindfulness. Catherine blends her expertise to create photo experiences where people feel celebrated and entirely themselves in front of the camera. As an LGBTQIA+ owned company, Catherine specializes in celebrating and photographing couples who want genuine photos reflecting their love and community. All identities are welcomed and celebrated here, always.
More About Catherine
PHOTOGRAPHY SERVICES
 SERVICES ACROSS COLORADO AND THE WORLD
PORTRAITS
 Catherine offers colorado portrait photography sessions for couples, individuals, and families. Catherine will oscillate between directing posed portraits and curating an environment for candids. From Colorado engagement sessions to family photos and professional headshots, you’ll receive timeless images that reflect who you are. 
“Catherine, these are so cute! Kurt is such a model - as is our pup! We had the best time; I’m so glad we made it happen!“
– Kendall 
PORTRAITS
WEDDINGS
 Catherine offers Denver wedding photography for couples excited about easy, joyful, true-to-them wedding day coverage. Often, you only have one day to gather all your favorite people in one room and celebrate your love. You deserve to enjoy every moment and have each moment documented as you felt it. Catherine gently guides her clients through must-have portraits, then steps back to capture candid, unscripted moments. 
“Catherine listened to our anxieties, provided direction, and offered tips to ensure the best photos, all while being a calming presence. Thank you so much for your talent and for capturing these precious moments for us!” - Jill. 
WEDDINGS
PROPOSALS
 With over 70 proposals photographed, Catherine brings a calm, experienced presence to your proposal photography and planning process. Whether you want a mountaintop moment or a city date that turns into a proposal, Catherine will capture the emotion, the backdrop, and the joy as it all unfolds. After the big yes, she’ll take a few relaxed portraits so you can celebrate and soak in your post-proposal excitement.
“Oh my goodness, Catherine, these are amazing. We are speechless! Thank you so much. We had so much fun taking pictures and just enjoying our day.”
– Tyler 
PROPOSALS
BOOK YOUR 2026 & 2027 Photos 
My calendar fills quickly (especially on those beautiful Colorado weekends). 
Reach out early to reserve your photo session.
Contact Catherine Norwood Photo
INCLUSIVE PHOTO Experiences 
 ENERGIZING, EXPANSIVE, & FUN Photo Sessions For All 
 CNP welcomes all and continuously works to create more inclusive, expansive, and fun photo environments. learn more about Catherine and her practices here. 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
Do you exclusively photograph in Colorado? 
I specialize in Colorado weddings , mostly around the Denver and Boulder area, because I love connecting with the community where I live and capturing the stories of the people who make up this city. I regularly serve the foothills and mountain towns of Colorado. Some Colorado locations I’ve photographed at include Camp Hale, Piney River Ranch, and Devil’s Thumb Ranch. Most sessions include travel within 1–2 hours of Denver, including places like Boulder, Breckenridge, Golden, Morrison, Fort Collins, Nederland, Larkspur, Dillon, Evergreen, and Rocky Mountain National Park . 
 I’ll create a custom travel quote for destinations farther out to best fit your day and I can also photograph across the US and internationally. 
What kinds of sessions do you offer? 
I specialize in Colorado weddings, proposals, elopements, and portraits. Whatever you’re planning, I'm here to photograph your story in a natural, true-to-you way and help you feel seen and supported along the way.
What’s your photography and editing style? 
I create timeless, true-to-color, and true-to-you images. As a documentary-style photographer, I blend candid moments with relaxed portraits. About two-thirds of your gallery will be those real, in-between moments, and the rest will be lightly guided portraits. I’ll walk you through easy posing tips beforehand and use prompts and games during your session to help you feel confident and totally yourself. For portrait and proposal sessions, around 2/3 of your gallery will be posed portraits, and 1/3 will be candid.
What is your photography style? 
Catherine Norwood photographs in a documentary (think photojournalism) meets editorial (think fashion magazine) style. Learn more about Catherine’s style here. 
Do you celebrate and photograph LGBTQ+ couples and BIPOC couples? 
Yes - always. All are welcomed and celebrated here. My approach is intentionally inclusive, affirming, and shaped by a deep respect for the intersectionality of love - across race, size, culture, gender, sexuality, and beyond. I’ve photographed various cultural and religious celebrations, including Sikh, Hindu, Catholic, Palestinian, Cambodian, Jewish, Agnostic, and Protestant weddings. I can’t wait to celebrate you and yours.
How will I feel at the session? 
Most people start by saying they’re awkward in front of the camera—but my job is to make sure comfortable and have a great time, in addition to getting you photos that feel like you. I’ll give you some posing tips and tricks and prompts to help create an atmosphere where you can breathe, connect, and be yourself. My sessions are relaxed, joyful, and designed to best fit your needs and photo wants.
How long have you been a professional photographer? 
I’ve been a portrait photographer for over 12 years and have specialized in documentary wedding photography for over eight years. I’ve had the honor of photographing hundreds of weddings and proposals throughout the U.S., Mexico, and Europe - with most of my work rooted in Colorado. I studied photography collegiately and continue to invest in yearly photography education.
What’s your approach to weather and rescheduling? 
I photograph in light rain, snow, wind, and fog - these elements often add emotion and movement to your images.
I’ll only recommend rescheduling for:
 Dangerous road conditions
High winds (45+ mph)
Lightning storms
Wildfire smoke or flash floods
Extreme temperatures
We’ll check the forecast a few days before and adjust as needed. Elopements, proposals, and engagement sessions can be rescheduled based on availability.
Are you licensed and insured? 
Yes. I run a fully registered business with liability insurance. I’m happy to provide a COI for your venue or planner if needed.
How should I prepare for Colorado sessions? 
Colorado weddings and portrait sessions happen at high elevation and often outdoors. No matter what you’re planning - engagement, elopement, portrait session or wedding - your safety and comfort are top priorities. We will be in communication before your session to discuss any concerns you might have.
How do we book photo services with CNP? 
To reserve your date, a nonrefundable retainer and signed contract are required. The remaining balance is split into 1–3 payments leading up to your session or wedding. Your contract will include all rescheduling and cancellation info, so you always know what to expect.
Do you deliver RAW or unedited images? 
No, I only deliver fully edited, high-resolution JPEGs that reflect the style and quality of my work. RAW files aren’t available. Your gallery will stay online for 90 days to 12 months depending on the session type, and I recommend backing up your images in multiple safe locations. I archive edited images for one year; after that, a $500 fee applies if retrieval is possible.
Have more questions? 
Reach out anytime. I’m always happy to help you feel prepared and supported every step of the way as you’re looking for your Denver wedding photographer or Colorado Portrait photographer. You can reach me at hello@catherinenorwood.com
YOUR HAVE AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY, Let's Capture It 
GET STARTED
Catherine Norwood Photo | Documentary-Style Photographer | Denver, Colorado & Beyond
 Celebrating and documenting ALL love stories, always 
 —
 hello@catherinenorwood.com
 Hours M - F 10 am - 5 pm | Phone (720)514-9797 | 2100 Welton St, Denver, CO 80205
 Catherine Norwood Photography, a Colorado photo company, is located in downtown Denver and photographs proposals and weddings in Colorado and worldwide.
GET IN TOUCH
© 2026 Catherine Norwood Photo | Privacy Policy