Crested Butte Photographer | Family & Wedding Photography 
contact
 appreciations
 ABOUT
 PORTFOLIO
 HOME
 inFOrMaTION
 blog
contact
 appreciation
 ABOUT
 Families
 HOME
 inFOrMaTION
 journal
PORTFOLIO
 Weddings
 Seniors
CONTACT
 BLog
APPRECIATIONs
INFORMATION
ABOUT 
PORTFOLIO
HOME
 + WEDDINGS
+ SENIORS
+ FAMILIES
CONTACT 
love
YOU ARE WHY I WHAT I DO
i am your crested butte photographer
capturing fun, connection & joy
YOUR FRIEND WITH A CAMERA
I specialize in documenting the genuine essence of you and your loved ones—the laughter, the quirks, and every unexpected moments that makes your story unique .
Show the strength and beauty in your love. I am a Crested Butte wedding photographer capturing weddings, engagements and elopements in a fun and creative way- I am here to tell your story.
couples
 You deserve more than a blurry selfie with your kids. As a Crested Butte family photographer, I love helping you turn your family connection in a a lifetime of memories. It is all about the candid, fun moments together . 
family
 Your life is full of milestones. You are a high school senior and need some killer images. Or a dancer who just wants to have some fun photos to remember your dance days by. As a Crested Butte senior photographer, I love helping you treasure those moments. 
seniors
 Featured Galleries
as a crested butte wedding, family 
& senior photographer,
believes in
you feel most like yourself
believes in 
you feel most like yourself
celebrating the moments
HI, I’M REBECCA, your crested butte photographer who 
fun, being silly & enjoying
My favorite images of my family are the ones where we are having
Each other. I want the same for you!
My favorite images of my family are the ones where we are having
Each other. I want the same for you!
I also live with my husband, Adam, my Dad and two male dogs...so I guess I have 6 boys!
I have two boys
No. 1
A few more things you should know about me:
I love travel photography so when I was in collage I was a part of the Semester at Sea program where we visited 10 different countries while living on a ship for 100 days
I sailed around the world for 100 days
No. 2
Crested Butte is pretty notorious for dressing up all the time- and I love it! Luckily for me so do my kids (my husband, not so much)
I love to dress up
No. 3
Let's Chat!
Jump to
HELLO
information
I'm Rebecca, the eyes behind Third Eye Photography. 
 Get to know me more. 
Get the inside look and all your questions answered. Find out more. 
appreciations
Google reviews live and past client reviews from the people who know. 
NEXT
Your photos should show off who you are as a couple, family, individual. But most importantly you should have fun during your photoshoot. 
fun
LIFE IS ABOUT
HAVING 
I BELIEVE
Creating family photo heirlooms is all about capturing who everyone is in that moment in time and displaying them to enjoy as the years pass.
forever
MEMORIES FADE BUT
PHOTOS LAST
I BELIEVE
—KElsey & Dan 
 We are so happy we chose Third Eye Photography. They are easy and fun to work with, and Rebecca knew all the best spots around Crested Butte to capture stunning photos. Many people have told me that our photos are some of the most gorgeous wedding photos they've seen, and I have to agree!
fun
Rebecca was easy and to work with and knows all the 
best spots!
—Jill Levine
 Rebecca captured so many stunning photos of our family. They decorate the walls of our home make my smile every time I see them. She is a JOY to work with and makes the day fun and ordering easy. Thank you Rebecca!
joy
She is a to work with 
and makes the day fun!
—Stephens Family
I reached out in advance of a family vacation to set up a session with the entire family- 11 of us! She got the details about the family members and within minutes of arriving she addressed each by name- a total people person with a great eye for what makes a great memory! Highly recommend her!!!
FANTASTIC!
Rebecca is
She shared her ideas and was incredibly flexible in order to accomplish what I envisioned
FROM THE PEOPLE WHO KNOW
I’d love to hear from you! Please fill out the form or email me at rebecca@thirdeyephotographycolorado.com 
Family, wedding and high school senior photographer
located in Crested Butte, Colorado.
Back to top
appreciation
 PORTFOLIO
 ABOUT
 HOME
 information
 journal
 ©THIRD EYE PHOTOGRAPHY 2022 | PRIVACY & LEGAL | SITE CREDIT
CONTACT
 GIVING BACK
 I value this valley and its beauty. That's why 1% of all product purchases are donated to 1% for Open Space.
LEARN MORE
179 Upper Allen Rd crested butte co 81224 * Rebecca Susan Ofstedahl * 914.548.8078