-->
Wedding & Engagement Photographer | Rebecaveliephotography 
top of page 
LIMITED 2026 AVAILABILITY. GET IN TOUCH HERE! 
REBECA VELIE PHOTOGRAPHY 
Home
About
Gallery
Wedding 
 Couples 
 Solo Portraits 
 Client Galleries 
Resources
Guides 
 Blog 
Investment
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Photos that make you feel how your memories felt. 
WEDDING
PHOTOGRAPHER 
Getting Married? Let's talk about wedding photos you'll actually connect with. 
​ 
My clients have a love that is wild and my photos aim to capture it that way. They want photos that are actually theirs. Not the cheesy, dime-a-dozen, photographs on Pinterest. They want photographs that are all them . 
​ 
Because, who really cares about that spot of dirt on your shirt, hair in your face, or your massive grin? 
​ 
Down with the fake stuff. I'm here for the real you. 
LEARN MORE ABOUT ME -&gt; 
Those smiles behind the camera should be real. 
Wedding photography should be more than just hiring a stranger to bring a camera to your wedding. 
View Work by Category 
WEDDINGS 
See more 
See more 
COUPLES 
PORTRAITS 
See more 
WHAT'S NEW ON THE BLOG 
Getting Ready Photos You Don't Want to Miss ​ 
Your wedding day is basically an emotional rollercoaster, and it all kicks off with the "getting ready" phase. This is when excitement and nerves collide, the hairspray is practically a cloud in the air, and someone is definitely running late. It's the calm before the beautifully chaotic storm, and let's be honest&mdash;it's a prime time for some amazing (and occasionally hilarious) photos. 
View More 
How to Start Planning Your Big Day 
​ 
Planning a wedding often seems overwhelming. Here are 5 super simple tips that you can do right now with a pen and paper to help you get started on the right foot. 
View More 
WHAT PEOPLE SAY 
Rebeca is so fun and kind and great at what she does. Didn't miss a beat to accommodate even far-fetched ideas and requests, delivered photos that were beautiful and authentic and perfectly captured the moment. Really can't recommend her enough 
&mdash; Jeremy, Groom 
Poke Around 
Instagram 
@veliephotography 
About 
Client Galleries 
Blog 
Investment 
RESOURCES 
To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key.
Get in Touch 
C O N T A C T 
Based in Golden, Colorado, Rebeca Velie Photography is a freelance wedding and engagement photographer specializing in candid and documentary-style photography. Available to shoot worldwide. 
Golden, Colorado | rebecavelie@gmail.com | (603) 393 - 2847 
CONTACT REBECA VELIE 
bottom of page