-->
Getting Ready Photos to Make Sure to Capture on Your Wedding Day 
top of page 
LIMITED 2026 AVAILABILITY. GET IN TOUCH HERE! 
REBECA VELIE PHOTOGRAPHY 
Home
About
Gallery
Wedding 
 Couples 
 Solo Portraits 
 Client Galleries 
Resources
Guides 
 Blog 
Investment
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
ALL BLOG POSTS 
 ENGAGEMENTS 
 PHOTOGRAPHY TIPS 
 PLANNING YOUR WEDDING 
 RECENT WORK 
Search
Getting Ready Photos to Make Sure to Capture on Your Wedding Day
Apr 2, 2025 
 3 min read 
Your wedding day is basically an emotional rollercoaster, and it all kicks off with the "getting ready" phase. This is when excitement and nerves collide, the hairspray is practically a cloud in the air, and someone is definitely running late. It’s the calm before the beautifully chaotic storm, and let’s be honest—it’s a prime time for some amazing (and occasionally hilarious) photos. 
In this post, we’re sharing some of the best “getting ready” shots that capture everything from happy tears to last-minute dress fixes. Whether you’re a bride-to-be looking for inspo or just here for the pretty pictures, come along as we dive into the magic (and mild chaos) of wedding morning prep! 
To start , how about a shot of the bride getting ready in the mirror? This one should be over the shoulder to help frame the bride&#x27;s face and draw the viewers&#x27; eyes into the focus of the photo. Timeless and classy, you can&#x27;t go wrong with this shot! 
Over the shoulder shot of a bride getting ready in a mirror 
Photo of a mom zipping up a bride&#x27;s dress on the wedding day 
The next one is a classic as well. It plays off the same idea of using the mirror to frame the subject, but this time the focus is on the mom (or whoever is zipping up the dress) doing their job. The face of the bride should be out of focus in this but still be visible in the background of the photo to develop some depth in the photo. 
Photo of a bride smiling while putting on her earrings 
Another must-have shot is of the bride putting on her earrings, necklace, mascara, lipstick, etc. This is a great shot to break out the 85mm lens to really create some distance between your subject and the background. Make sure your subject is candid for bonus points! 
Bride sipping a mimosa while getting ready 
Next is the reveal of the bride to her bridesmaids. This can be a last-minute thing that the bride decides she wants to do on the day of. It&#x27;s an easy shot to coordinate and can really create some amazing photos capturing the friendship and love between the bride and her bridesmaids (yes, this can be done with the groom too if he wants!). 
It&#x27;s crucial to ensure that the photo isn&#x27;t overly "busy," meaning you should minimize the number of distracting objects in the image. A simple method to achieve this is to capture the bridesmaids&#x27; reactions by shooting over the bride&#x27;s shoulder, or as in this photo, shoot over the bridesmaids&#x27; shoulders to capture the bride showcasing her stunning dress. 
Make sure to get a close up using the mirror too! This one can be used to call out specific aspects in a photo. For example, in the black and white photo to the right, the close-up on the bride&#x27;s diagonally positioned arms and hands help to draw the viewer&#x27;s eyes towards her pearl bracelet and beautifully done nails. 
A photo you can&#x27;t miss: a bridal portrait in pajamas on the bed! Yes (it can be a little cliche...) but who cares! Seriously, any photographer will be psyched to take this photo and it will really help to tell the story of your wedding day. 
For this shot, just make sure to open all the shades and turn on all the lights in the room so you can optimize the lighting. Also, a flash can be really helpful in this situation but only if used in conjunction with natural lighting to avoid the room seeming cramped. 
Close-up of bride putting on her heels 
Lastly, a great getting ready photo is just of the bride slipping on her shoes. This is such a simple photo, but can mean so much more than a basic photo of the heels sitting in front of a window waiting to be put on. Make sure to have the bride sit down to take this photo and lean over so the viewer&#x27;s eyes are drawn toward her fingers on her shoe straps. Easy-peasy! 
Okay, and one last must-have is a photo of the bride surrounded by her closest friends celebrating (possibly in matching pajamas or possibly not). Doesn&#x27;t matter what everyone looks like, just make sure the vibes are good and the energy is high before attempting this one! 
That&#x27;s it - have fun with it! 
Bride and groom kissing on a cliff over looking the Atlantic Ocean in Newport, Rhode Island 
And now, get out there and do this thing! 
Recent Posts
 See All 
 From Next-Door Neighbors to “I Do” – A Special Engagement Session  
Capturing Your Love Story in Golden, Colorado: Rebeca Velie Photography’s Unique Approach to Wedding Photography  
Marketing Tips for Wedding Photographers in 2024: How to Stand Out In a Crowded Market  
Golden, Colorado | rebecavelie@gmail.com | (603) 393 - 2847 
CONTACT REBECA VELIE 
bottom of page