-->
Rebeca Velie Photography | Contact 
top of page 
LIMITED 2026 AVAILABILITY. GET IN TOUCH HERE! 
REBECA VELIE PHOTOGRAPHY 
Home
About
Gallery
Wedding 
 Couples 
 Solo Portraits 
 Client Galleries 
Resources
Guides 
 Blog 
Investment
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
HI, I'M BECKY. 
I'm a 26-year-old traveling elopement and wedding photographer based out of Golden, Colorado. I photograph with my whole heart, meaning that, yeah, I'll probably shed a tear or two at your wedding. Capturing real love is what's most important to me. That's why I'm in this business. I love creating images that showcase the authentic way your wedding happened (whether it be happy tears, crazy laughing, or big smiles). 
My mission is to capture you as authentically as possible. 
​ 
My mom's advice the first time I flew alone: "Stop waving to people!" I can't help it. I like to think of my clients as friends because I'll be there when you're laughing, crying, feeling awkward, and just having the best day of your life. I want to be someone you text when you're happy and wave to when you see me on the street (because I'm definitely waving to you). 
I studied photography at Wesleyan University in Connecticut but began more than 10 years ago in my backyard with only a point-and-shoot and my little sister as an unwilling model. I'm currently booking for all 2026 and 2027 weddings in the Golden, Colorado area - but regardless of where your wedding is, I'd love to chat with you about your plans. I'm very happy and willing to travel to you. Reach out to me to see if I still have your date available! 
​ 
Facts about me (maybe fun, maybe not): 
I spent the Summer of 2020 hiking the 227-mile John Muir Trail through the Sierra Nevada Mountains ​ 
I published a peer-reviewed environmental studies research paper on aquatic invasive species ​ 
During the week I'm also a strategic initiatives manager for an advanced materials science company (I do weddings because I love art and love working with my clients!) 
I spend any free time I have fixing up our house, cooking, or practicing oil painting ​ 
We bought a house in Golden, CO in 2024 and tore it down to its studs and rebuilt it ourselves ​ 
​ 
SEND ME A NOTE, I'D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU! 
DROP ME A LINE 
WHAT KIND OF GEAR DO YOU SHOOT WITH? 
I own two Nikon Z7II (two cameras prevent any "omg my camera just died during the middle of your wedding!" issues from happening...). Both are full-frame cameras that produce such high-quality images you could wallpaper your whole house with them. 
​ 
My go-to lenses: 
35mm f/1.4 (my fav) 
24-70mm f/2.8 
85mm f/1.4 ​ 
HOW DO WE GET OUR EDITED IMAGES BACK? 
It's super easy. When I'm done retouching them (lightroom and photoshop), I upload them to an online gallery/shop called PicTime. From there, you can heart your favorites, share and download them, and create a range of stunning photo products with the click of your mouse ( prints, photo books, calendars, personally engraved wooden boxes, and really whatever else you can dream of ). You can see some past clients' online galleries by going to my gallery tab at the top of this page and clicking "client galleries". 
​ 
Have other questions: Check out the Q&A section at the bottom of the investment page 
DO YOU HAVE A DRONE? 
YES, I DO! I bring it to most of my weddings, but please inquire if you want special drone photos or videos. 
DO YOU HAVE A STYLE GUIDE? 
Yes! You can download my free style guide HERE ! 
I WANT TO GET TO KNOW YOU TOO! REACH OUT ANYTIME, I'M HERE FOR YOU. 
Say Hi 
Poke Around 
Instagram 
@veliephotography 
Resources 
Client Galleries 
Blog 
Investment 
Get in Touch 
C O N T A C T 
Based in Golden, Colorado, Rebeca Velie Photography is a freelance wedding and engagement photographer specializing in candid and documentary-style photography. Available to shoot worldwide. 
Golden, Colorado | rebecavelie@gmail.com | (603) 393 - 2847 
CONTACT REBECA VELIE 
bottom of page