Colorado Wedding Photographer | Valley to Summit Photography 
Contact Weddings 
elopements family sessions about 
contact
family sessions
weddings
PHOTOGRAPHY
elopements
about
colorado wedding photographer
Breckenridge + Vail + beyond
Contact to get started
 Colorado wedding photographer FOR COUPLES DREAMING OF A WEDDING DAY FILLED WITH INTENTION, LAUGHTER, AND ALPINE MAGIC
Mountain celebrations
where love and adventure meet 
Colorado Wedding Photographer
Book your colorado WEDDING
A Colorado mountain wedding is a celebration like no other as it combines adventure, natural beauty, and love into one unforgettable day. It’s about infusing your celebration with the spirit of the outdoors. It brings together everything you love, the beauty of nature and the people who matter most, while letting you keep things fun, relaxed, and true to your style. With a focus on both the joy of the journey and the depth of your connection, your wedding day will be an experience filled with laughter, awe-inspiring moments, and memories that will last a lifetime. 
Whether you’re dreaming of a winter wonderland wedding at a ski resort or dancing beneath a warm sunset at a summer lodge, your wedding day deserves to be as unique, fun, and memorable as your relationship. I focus on capturing every wild, joyful, and unscripted moment of your day - the laughter, the tears, and every adventure in between. Your wedding photos will be the epic story you get to relive and share for many years to come.
your wedding, your way in the alpine beauty of the colorado mountains
When a Colorado wedding is your kind of adventure
READ MORE
 Welcome to my little corner of the internet,
I'm so happy you're here!
I'm Alex! I specialize in adventurous Colorado mountain weddings in Breckenridge, Vail, and Beaver Creek (& beyond!) for those who want more than just the typical posed shots. I’m all about capturing the real, unscripted, and joyful moments. If you’re into laid-back vibes, mountain views, and laughing your way through the day, I'm the photographer for you. 
I can't wait to capture your wedding day adventure for you to look back on and relive for years to come!
YOUR COLORADO WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER
Meet me in the mountains, I'll take care of the rest.
I'M ALEX!
Take a peak at these Colorado weddings 
Getting hitched where the mountains touch the sky
Beaver Creek 
Vail 
Breckenridge 
Areas of Local Expertise 
START YOUR ADVENTURE HERE 
 "I would need 10 pages to describe how wonderful our experience was with Valley to Summit Photography" 
Contact to get started!
 Pricing begins at $3,800 
Photography coverage ranging from 
4 hours to 2 days
30+ page wedding guide
Unlimited planning assistance. From timeline assistance, locations, tips/tricks, vendor recommendations, anything you need
Professionally edited personal online gallery of your images with full sharing, downloading, and printing rights for you to enjoy with friends and family for years to come
All collections include 
Colorado Wedding Pricing 
your adventure awaits 
"She is fun, energetic, and does a great job blending in with the party"
We hired Alex to capture our destination wedding in Breckenridge, CO this past October. I cannot say enough great things about her as both a photographer and professional. She is fun, energetic and does a great job blending in with the party. Half the time you didn't even know she was there but Alex ended up capturing every moment of the wedding in the most beautiful manner. The end product was absolutely stunning.
Leading up to the wedding day, Alex made sure to understand what was important for us to be captured and made a point to go to the venue beforehand to scope out the scenery and find the perfect spots for various photographs.
If you are looking for a professional photographer to hire for your wedding day (or honestly any occasion), look no further than Alex.
"Our pictures look straight out of a magazine"
Our experience with Alex was unbelievable!! We are absolutely in love with our wedding photos. Alex is an amazing wedding planner. She sent us all the information we needed for our elopement and she made the process stress less. From marriage license to flowers and hair and make up, she did all the research. She is beyond talented! Our pictures look straight out of a magazine. She captured our special day beautifully! I can’t recommend Alex enough!
CONTACT TODAY TO GET STARTED!
 Are you ready to ditch the script and make your Colorado adventure your own? 
@valleytosummitphoto
Colorado Wedding Photographer 
Valley to Summit Photography provides Colorado wedding photography to couples adventuring through the mountains of Breckenridge, Vail, Beaver Creek and beyond!
Valley to Summit Photography
valleytosummitphoto@gmail.com
 Breckenridge + Vail + Beaver Creek 
Colorado
Colorado Family Photographer Colorado Wedding Photographer Colorado Elopement Photographer