Meet Alex | Valley to Summit Photography 
Contact Weddings 
elopements family sessions about 
contact
family sessions
weddings
PHOTOGRAPHY
elopements
about
The mountain gal capturing life with her camera 
I am an adventure-loving photographer with a passion for capturing life's most cherished moments. I split my time between the two places I love most: Colorado, where I spent nearly a decade deep in the mountains, and New Hampshire, where my roots began.
My approach to photography is all about connection. I strive to create images that are not just beautiful but meaningful, reflecting who you are and the bond you share with those you love. I focus on capturing every wild, joyful, and unscripted moment of your story — the laughter, the tears, and every adventure in between. 
welcome to my little corner or the internet,
i'm so happy you're here!
Meet Alex 
Get in touch with alex
 With 14 years of experience with weddings, elopements, and families and nearly a decade of exploring the Colorado mountains, I know all of the ins and outs when it comes to planning your adventure. Wether you’re dreaming of a vow exchange on a windswept peak, a big celebration at a venue with breathtaking views, or a warm evening in the valley with your family, I’m here to make sure the process is seamless and it all comes together without a hitch.
From helping you pick the perfect location to planning the day’s timeline, I’ll take the stress off your shoulders. I know the terrain, the weather, the altitude, and all the little details that will make your day in the mountains unforgettable. Planning tips, vendor suggestions, location insights, whatever you need to make sure you’re fully prepared for the adventure ahead. 
On the day of, I’ll be more than just your photographer. I’ll be your guide, your support, and your biggest fan. I’ll help keep things relaxed and fun so you can focus on what matters most: enjoying your time together in the mountains. 
I'm here to be more than just your photographer 
Road Tripping
Backpacking
Hiking
When I'm not photographing adventurous couples and families, you'll find me: 
Adventuring with my little family 
Snowboarding
GET IN TOUCH Think I'm the photographer for you? 
@valleytosummitphoto
Colorado mountain elopement, wedding, and family photographer 
Valley to Summit Photography provides Colorado mountain elopement, wedding, and family photography to couples and families adventuring through Breckenridge, Vail, Beaver Creek and beyond!
Valley to Summit Photography
valleytosummitphoto@gmail.com
 Breckenridge + Vail + Beaver Creek 
Colorado
Colorado Family Photographer Colorado Wedding Photographer Colorado Elopement Photographer