Colorado Elopement Photographer 
Contact Weddings 
elopements family sessions about 
contact
family sessions
weddings
PHOTOGRAPHY
elopements
about
colorado elopement & Micro-wedding photographer
Breckenridge + Vail + beyond
Contact to get started
 Colorado elopement photographer for the wild, unscripted moments of adventurous, laid back couples saying "I do" in the mountains.
For the wild at heart.
This is your love story, elevated. 
Colorado Elopement Photographer
Book your colorado Elopement
Eloping in the Colorado mountains looks like a laid-back and unforgettable experience that reflects your wild love story, captured in the most epic landscapes the Rockies have to offer. Some couples choose to spend their day just the two of them while others choose to have a small group of their closest family and friends be a part of the adventure. A Colorado mountain elopement gives you the freedom to embrace the beauty of the outdoors while creating an intimate, memorable experience that focuses on what matters most - the two of you and your love story.
Wether you want to say 'I do' above a quiet alpine lake with only the sky as your witness or in a valley surrounded by a group of your closest loved ones, your elopement day deserves to be as unique, fun, and memorable as your relationship. I focus on capturing every wild, joyful, and unscripted moment of your day — the laughter, the tears, and every adventure in between. Your elopement photos will be the epic story you get to relive and share for years to come.
Fresh mountain air + unscripted joy + a touch of adventure
What does a Colorado elopement look like? 
READ MORE
 Welcome to my little corner of the internet,
I'm so happy you're here!
I'm Alex! I specialize in adventurous Colorado mountain elopements in Breckenridge, Vail, and Beaver Creek for those who want more than just the typical posed shots. I’m all about capturing the real, unscripted, and joyful moments. If you’re into laid-back vibes, mountain views, and laughing your way through the day, I'm the photographer for you. 
I can't wait to capture your adventure for you to look back on and relive for years to come!
YOUR COLORADO WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHER
Meet me in the mountains, I'll take care of the rest.
I'M ALEX!
Take a peak at these Colorado elopements and micro weddings 
Beaver Creek 
Vail 
Breckenridge 
Areas of Local Expertise 
START YOUR ADVENTURE HERE 
 "I would need 10 pages to describe how wonderful our experience was with Valley to Summit Photography" 
Contact for more info!
 Pricing begins at $2,400 
Photography coverage ranging from 
2 hours to a full day from sunrise to sunset
The Valley to Summit Elopement Planning Guide
Unlimited planning assistance. From timeline assistance, locations, tips/tricks, vendor recommendations, anything you need
Professionally edited personal online gallery of your images with full sharing, downloading, and printing rights for you to enjoy with friends and family for years to come
All collections include 
Colorado Elopement Pricing 
your adventure awaits 
"Our pictures look straight out of a magazine!"
Our experience with Alex was unbelievable!! We are absolutely in love with our wedding photos. Alex is an amazing wedding planner. She sent us all the information we needed for our elopement and she made the process stress less. From marriage license to flowers and hair and make up, she did all the research. She is beyond talented! Our pictures look straight out of a magazine. She captured our special day beautifully! I can’t recommend Alex enough!
"We came all the way from NH for her work"
Alex was nothing short of amazing! Not only did she scout out the entire area for us to ensure we got the best pictures possible, but she was SO easy to work with. Alex is very professional and her talent goes beyond what words can describe. We came all the way from NH for her work. If you’re thinking about booking a shoot, just do it! I promise you will not regret it!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
"These are pictures we show off every chance we get"
Alex is an amazing photographer! She photographed our elopement, hiked through the snow, up a mountain, did whatever it took to get the right shot. These are pictures we show off every chance we get. She made this day even more perfect because we get to relive it over and over through the moments she captured.
"She helped us capture a special moment that we will cherish for years."
Alex was very friendly and excellent to work with from start to finish! She was very responsive, and went above and beyond to make our vow renewal ceremony special, even helping us coordinate the location and select the best time of day for lighting. She suggested and then took shots at a second location as well that we absolutely love. Her photography is very high quality and I recommend her without hesitation! She helped us capture a special moment that we will cherish for years.
CONTACT TODAY TO GET STARTED!
 Are you ready to ditch the script and make your Colorado adventure your own? 
@valleytosummitphoto
Colorado Elopement Photographer 
Valley to Summit Photography provides Colorado elopement and intimate wedding photography to couples adventuring through the mountains of Breckenridge, Vail, Beaver Creek and beyond!
Valley to Summit Photography
valleytosummitphoto@gmail.com
 Breckenridge + Vail + Beaver Creek 
Colorado
Colorado Family Photographer Colorado Wedding Photographer Colorado Elopement Photographer