About | ONCE WEST Photography 
Skip to content 
We are a husband &#038; wife wedding photography team serving Colorado&#8217;s mountain towns. 
Wedding Photography 
About 
Blog 
Contact 
check our availability 
We are a husband & wife photography team serving Colorado's mountain towns.
Toggle Menu 
About us
Hi! We&#8217;re Michele and Mark.
We met in 2002 at The Art Institute of Colorado. One week after graduating with photography degrees we started this business together. Four years later we wed.
Our love of nature, travel and the Mountain West runs deep. After many years living in Silverthorne, we became nomads and traded our mountain home for a home on wheels. We spend summer and fall in the Rockies, then migrate south for the winter. 
We&#8217;re not sure what we love more…living in the mountains or photographing people in the mountains. We feel so damn lucky that we get to do both. 
A few scenes from our life as modern-day nomads&#8230;
Valley of the Gods, Utah 
Kofa National Wildlife Refuge, Arizona 
Cottonwood Pass, Colorado 
Paddling with a school of Mobula rays in Los Barriles, Mexico 
Williams Fork Reservoir, Colorado 
Canyon Rims National Rec Area, Utah 
Baja California Sur, Mexico 
Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Arizona 
Routt National Forest, Colorado 
Loveland Pass, Colorado 
Our cozy home on wheels. 
Crested Butte, Colorado 
Loreto, Mexico 
Hells Canyon, Idaho 
Buena Vista, Colorado 
Routt National Forest, Colorado 
Trout Creek Pass, Colorado 
Grand Mesa, Colorado 
Lake Powell, Utah 
DeBeque, Colorado 
The Columbia River, Washington 
Valley of Fire, Nevada 
Kofa, Arizona 
Bisbee, Arizona 
Boise National Forest, Idaho 
Grand County, Colorado 
Lake Mead, Nevada 
Rabbit Ears Pass, Colorado 
Our Core Beliefs
Creating photos for the sake of likes and industry recognition is an unfulfilling mission. Our core beliefs keep us rooted in what matters most, the people that step in front of our cameras and trust us with their memories.
Your photographs are only as good as the experience you had with your photographer while they were being made.
How we show up and treat you and your community informs the quality of the product we deliver. Building trust and putting people at ease is core to our ability to capture genuine photographs. We strive to be helpful without hindering, to know when to be a fly on the wall vs. when to offer direction. It is our utmost priority to provide you with the best possible experience on your wedding day.
The most important thing we can do as wedding photographers is pay attention. 
There is so much magic happening at a wedding and the best wedding photos, in our opinion, are not planned. They aren&#8217;t a line item on a schedule, they just happen. And they&#8217;re not a pose that we create or a prompt that we initiate. They&#8217;re essence, energy, and emotion that we capture.
It&#8217;s not our job to make them, it&#8217;s our job to see them.
Everyone deserves to have their life celebrated in photographs.
Every couple and family has a story worth preserving in photographs. People, partners, and families of all kinds, colors, religions, and abilities are celebrated here. 
The service we provide is as important as the product we deliver.
From the moment you inquire with us to the moment we deliver your photographs, we want your experience with us to be as fun, easy, and stress-free as possible. We want the product we deliver to hold the greatest possible value and we believe treating you and your memories with care is how that&#8217;s achieved.
The tangible will never go out of style.
Whether it&#8217;s a hand-written note or an envelope full of photos, you can expect to receive mail from us. In a world where everything lives behind a screen, we love creating moments of delight by giving you something you can hold on to.
&#8220;Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.&#8221; 
-Dr Suess
We will never know when the photographs we captured are a source of joy as they’re pulled out of a dusty box and reminisced through decades later. We’ll never know when they become the beloved framed print that is displayed at a son or daughter’s wedding 30 years from now. We’ll never know what image sits on an office desk or bedside table reminding that husband or wife how loved they are. But it’s why we do what we do.
Are you interested in working with us? Learn more about what we offer.
Wedding Photography 
Portrait Photography 
Get in touch, we would love to hear from you!
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * 
 Email * 
 What are you interested in? * Wedding photography Family photography Other 
 Wedding date or proposed family session date: * 
 Wedding venue or family session location: 
 Your story/message/question: * 
Submit 
Weddings 
Portraits 
Rates &#038; FAQ 
About 
25+ best mountain wedding venues 
Blog 
Reviews 
Contact 
Instagram 
&copy; 2026 ONCE WEST Photography
Scroll to top 
Scroll to top 
Weddings 
About 
Blog 
Contact / Check availability