Colorado Elopement Pricing + Packages 
0 
Skip to Content
HOME
ABOUT
Pricing
Stop-Motion Films
Galleries
BOOK EMILY
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
BOOK EMILY
HOME
ABOUT
Pricing
Stop-Motion Films
Galleries
Open Menu 
 Close Menu 
HOME
ABOUT
Pricing
Stop-Motion Films
Galleries
BOOK EMILY
Colorado Elopement Packages 
for couples ready to get their boots dirty
Psssstttt… what you’re doing is pretty cool. 
 Not many couples are brave enough to break the mold of the traditional wedding and plan a day that TRULY focuses on them. 
 So knowing that you are here, I already know we’re going to get along great. 
 Wherever your heart takes you to have your unique, badass intimate wedding day, I would love to be there to help you plan every step of the way. Cheers to your adventure!
I’m Emily, your Colorado elopement photographer & planner!
 I LOVE love! I’ve photographed over 75+ couples’ wedding days, and there’s no better feeling than getting to give couples a truly spectacular elopement experience.
 I’m fiercely passionate about making my couples wedding experience full of emotion, intimate moments, and more than anything, JOY ! 
 I’m here to be your resource on all things wedding and elopement planning. I’ll guide you through the planning process, and will act as an open book to you and your boo with all things planning. 
 If you're looking for a bestie in your photographer, I’m your girl ! I’m all about the experience you get along with your beautiful photos, and that includes gaining a pal! 
My philosophy as an elopement photographer…
✶ NOT JUST PRETTY PHOTOS 
 Your day is so much more than a photo shoot. Imagine the possibilities of what this day can look like when you let go of the idea that this is ALL about the photos. Your experience is vital to getting the photos that make you tear up.
✶ STRESS HAS NO PLACE HERE 
 My approach to elopement photography is this: your experience is primary. When you are able to let go of stress, be fully present in your adventure, and truly be yourself? Those are the photos that bring every feeling and memory crashing back.
✶ VIBRANT PHOTOS FOR VIBRANT COUPLES 
 I edit my photos in a way that feels warm and bold, just like the couples in them. “Colorful Colorado” is my muse, and I’m constantly inspired by the ever changing hues of her wildflowers, alpine lakes, and sunsets.
No date?
No location?
No plans?
No problem.
Almost every couple I talk to either doesn’t have an exact date or location, just some general ideas. And that’s GREAT! We’ll brainstorm some ideas together of what you’d like to see and do, and I’ll provide a guide filled with locations that I think will match your vision perfectly! We’ll even compare calendars to make sure we get you in at the BEST time for that location. 
The Elopement Experience
Let’s chat!
We’ll chat about your vision, your priorities, potential locations, and overall what you want for your day. We’ll chat through what package option suits you best, get to know each other, and make sure you understand the process.
Brainstorm
Get dreaming about your elopement day! I’ll send you questionnaires to gather allllll the info I can on what your dream day looks like. From there, I’ll create a custom Elopement Guide to give you TONS of ideas.
Planning
I’ll help you make definitive plans, including a timeline, map of locations, reservations, etc. In your custom Elopement Guide, you’ll have access to any and all information you’d like to know, including packing lists.
Wedding Day
I’ll be a combo of secret-stealth-ninja and elopement-day-bestie, capturing moments quietly without intrusion, while helping support and encourage you throughout the day. Let’s go get your dress a little dirty!
“ On the actual elopement day, Emily was so freaking fun to be around, and had us relaxed and laughing so much. She was able to capture the sweet moments quietly, being sure to not interrupt anything, but was also there to hype us up when it was time to do all of the fun things. ” 
&mdash; Becca + Gibson 
What is included?
CUSTOM ELOPEMENT PLANNING GUIDE 
 This is where I differ from other photographers. I will create a custom planning guide for your day. This includes a timeline that optimizes the best lighting for your photos and promotes a FUN and relaxed experience. You’ll get ALL the resources you need for your adventure!
 VENDOR RECOMENDATIONS 
 You’ll get my list of recommended vendors for the area you’re eloping in, and even a personal recommendation for who I think you would gel with the best. This includes videographers, florists, planners, bakeries, AirBNBs, officiants, and more.
 UNLIMITED EMAIL COMMUNICATION 
 I am TRULY an open book. I want to answer ALL the questions you have, because trust me, there’s no such thing as a silly question. Use me as a resource—I’m happy to help!
 YOUR BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS IN AN ONLINE GALLERY 
 You’ll receive your high-resolution edited images with unlimited downloads, sharing, & printing rights. These will come in an online gallery, so you can share it endlessly with your friends and family.
 TRAVEL INCLUDED ANYWHERE IN COLORADO 
 No matter what spot in Colorado is calling your name, I’ll go wherever your heart wants. Thinking of going beyond CO? Contact me for travel prices!
ELOPEMENT PACKAGES START AT $4500 , AND COUPLES TYPICALLY INVEST $6500 WITH ME 
WEDDING PACKAGES START AT $5500 , AND COUPLES TYPICALLY INVEST $7500 WITH ME 
Kind words from couples who eloped
“Wow, where do I even start? If I could give Emily a million stars, I would, but even that wouldn’t be enough. I found her work from a random google search while elopement planning, and immediately fell in love with it. After our first call, I knew we were booking her, and man I am so glad that we did. She was incredibly helpful during the entire planning process and was so patient with my husband and I not being able to make up our minds (because literally ALL of Colorado is beautiful, so how do you pick one place?!) We ended up picking Telluride, and when I tell you our day felt like a literal dream, I am not exaggerating…” 
 - Anna + Masen 
“Run, don’t walk, and book Emily! She is the absolute best photographer we could have asked for! Not only is she incredibly skilled but she also has such a fun, infectious personality making it easy to feel comfortable in front of the camera. We have received countless compliments on our wedding and engagement photos. She is able to take a beautiful location and make it look absolutely magical. Booking her was easily one of the best decisions we made in the entire wedding planning process. We made a forever friend as well!” 
 - Ashley + Brendan 
“Best. Decision. Ever. Emily made our day perfect! My husband and I booked a 12 hour elopement with Emily and we are SO glad we did. Our elopement day was 100% stress free - no rushing, no anxiety. We were able to capture photos of our day from start to finish: making breakfast with friends & family, a cute little session with our dog, first looks, multiple photo locations, vow exchange, reception, and even some fun pics in the hot tub at our Airbnb!! We felt so comfortable with her, it was like having another bff at the wedding. She is SO thoughtful and you can tell she loves what she does and making her couples day special! Not to mention the photos we received are FREAKING STUNNING!! We cannot recommend her enough.” 
 - Meagan + Derrian 
“I can't think of a single reason why you shouldn't choose Emily as your elopement photographer. So here's a bunch of reasons you should. Maybe most importantly, she is amazing at what she does, your photos will be absolutely stunning. Sun, wind, bugs, people in the background...no one would ever know! I am obsessed with my photos and the way she captured the beauty of nature on our day. The vibrancy and beauty of our pictures is priceless. Everyone's jaw drops when I show them our wedding photos…” 
 - Nicole + Aaron 
“Emily was better than we could have hoped for. She was extremely knowledgeable about everything related to elopements and was literally our LIFEBOAT as we navigated this. My husband and I are not locals so we really depended on Emily to know her stuff, and she absolutely did! She was super chill, incredibly positive, and so reassuring that the day would go well. AND IT DID! I literally don't think we would have done an adventure elopement if Emily wasn't there holding our hand. ALSO I HAVEN'T EVEN MENTIONED THE PICTURES ARE PHENOMENONAL. I am biased but they are seriously the most beautiful ever. I've only gotten the sneak peak but I want EVERY PICTURE printed on my wall. Other then our Airbnb which hosted our whole wedding party, Emily was our highest expense, but honestly I would have paid more knowing now how wonderful she was. She is so incredible at her job in just about every way.” 
 - Cazzy + Connor 
What is a stop-motion film? 
Stop-motion films are a stylized way of capturing movement through photography! Basically, I take photos super fast, then later stitch them together to bring the movement to life. These are edited in 9:16 without audio, so they’re perfectly sized for social media!
Can you help us decide on a package? 
Heck ya! If you’re not sure what collection is best for you, let’s chat about your day. Over our consult we’ll chat through your day and what is MOST important to you, and I can help you pick a collection that best suits that. You’ve probably never planned an elopement before, so I can help you organize how long you’ll need me throughout your day.
Are you cannabis friendly? 
100%! I’ll even help you find local dispensaries if you’d like.
Are you LGBTGIA+ inclusive? 
YES. This is a safe space. Love is love!
Do you add travel fees? 
For Colorado weddings, NO! All travel fees are bundled into the prices you see above! No surprise fees! Travel is included in your wedding collection for your Colorado wedding.
 If your wedding is outside of Colorado, travel will be discussed on a case-by-case basis. I will do research in your wedding area for the price of a place to stay (typically a 2-3 star hotel for 2 nights) and how many miles your destination is. At the time of our consult we’ll discuss the travel estimate I came up with in my research!
 For all international weddings, I will research the average price to stay in the area. Every place is different and costs vary hugely, but I will come up with a cost estimate for a 3 night stay, flights to and from, car rental/taxi fees (depending on the location), and food estimates. I will bundle this into one easy overall travel fee that can be paid up to 90 days before the wedding date. Typical estimates range from $750-$3,500.
FAQs! 
Contact Emily Here
Fill out this contact form, and you will hear from me in 24 hours of less guaranteed. 
Contact Emily below!
Your Adventure, Your Way
Emily May Photography © 2019-2025 | All Rights Reserved | Illustrations by Nicolás Crespo