--- reddit-01.txt: SOURCE: Reddit Answers (AI summary page), query "wedding photographers colorado"
Budget-friendly / Under ~$3k Options: Several threads point to more affordable photographers and tactics to find them. "I joined the facebook group 'Denver Brides on a budget' and posted ... got a handful of replies for less than $1k"

Trusted Local Names (frequently recommended):
Emily May / Emily May Photo: Frequently recommended for elopements and weddings. "Emily May is your girl"
Nick Sparks / Nick Sparks Photography: Multiple people praised his work and service. "We used Nick sparks for our micro wedding and he was fantastic."
Kate Merrill / KateMerrillPhoto: Recommended for efficient elopement shoots. "Kate Merrill was our Photographer—we got a lot shots in just two hours and I think her rare is less than that."
Samuel Marz: Mentioned repeatedly as willing to travel and documentary-minded. "I'm a Colorado Wedding Photographer ... www.samuelmarz.com"
Catherine Norwood: Noted for proposals and weddings with strong results. "Catherine Norwood did our proposal and she was the best! Photos turned out great."
Sasha Amelie / Amelie Photos: Called budget and travel friendly. "Sasha Amelie. Budget and travel friendly"
--- reddit-04.txt: SOURCE: r/Eloping — "Colorado Elopement Photographer" (posted 1y ago by Designer-Fun-2765, flair Budget, 5 upvotes, 20 comments)

[deleted] (1y ago): We use Emily May for our family photos, but CO elopements are her bread and butter. Her packages start at $4k and she is absolutely wonderful!
  itsamfruckus: Strongly second this! Emily just did my elopement photos in crested butte and we couldn't be more in love with them!

leedjahk22 (1y ago): We used Nick Sparks Photography last year and can't recommend him enough. Our pictures were gorgeous and he was such a great guy to work with. He gave us recommendations for locations and got the necessary permits. He was great at both giving us direction and capturing organic moments. Really made our day special.

[deleted] (1y ago): Take a look at Colorado Photography Squad! They have a host of photographers and our photographer Kate was awesome and it was under $2k for two hours of coverage.

CoatLegitimate301 (1y ago): Check out Savannah she's always out there and does amazing work https://www.savannahchandlerphotography.com (she lives near me and is an amazing human being in general too)
