Photography FAQs | Kiki Creates 
Asset 1 
Home About INVESTMENTs portfolio faqs contact 
journal 
FAQS
-How would you best describe your style of photography, videography, and editing?
I like to find beauty in the real, unposed moments in life. I want my images to speak poetry, to feel like home, to romanticize this beautiful life we’ve been given. I focus on Unique imagery for unique souls that are rich, romantic and real. I edit with feeling and emotion and with that it takes time and commitment to the artistry. To try and put a name on my photography style is difficult, but I would call myself a natural light documentarian. I really enjoy portraying the light and day as it is with a romanticized tone to it.
-Can you shoot both photo video and film at the same time?
Absolutely! This is my bread and butter. I thrive in the chaos. I am able to shoot photo video and film simultaneously, and with a package like this I would bring an additional photographer to help capture each event in memory that happens throughout the day. This is actually my most popular photography package, and can be looked at within my brochure.
-How do I know how much coverage I need ?
If you want a full day of coverage for something like an Elopement I would recommend at least four hours. For a wedding I would recommend between 6 to 8 hours of
coverage. This also very much depends on which activities and events of the day you want captured. You can also leave space for yourself between our coverage moments so that the day does not feel rushed! I’m always up for a phone call to chat through ideas and any timing questions you may have.
-Are our dogs or pets able to join?
1000% yes. I always encourage couples to bring the whole family- two legs or four.
-What happens if the weather is bad?
I will utilize the different stages of natural light and weather throughout the day to your photography advantage. With that being said, I understand if you do not want to be standing in the rain for photos, so I try to stay flexible by using a sudden break in bad weather, scouting out a covered location, or moving the portraits to a different time.
-Do we have to hike or be really adventurous?
Absolutely not. The beauty of working in Colorado is the ample photo-ready locations that are easily accessible and will look just as stunning.
That being said I am also always up for a hike or an adventure, no matter how far it may be.
-Will you help scout beautiful locations for our wedding or Elopement?
Absolutely I will! I have a great deal of spots all around the country-especially in Colorado and Florida- that I use as a guide on the best places to shoot during the
different seasons. If it is a new location that I have never been to, I always arrive early to scout out the area and determine where you might like to go depending on the level of adventurousness you would like to experience in our day.
-Do you help with any logistics like vendors or timeline?
Yes, if you need any specific vendor recommendations, I have a list of wonderful vendors I have worked with. I will also send out a questionnaire to help us gather together a photo timeline and shot list for your session.
I am always happy to work with other coordinators or vendors to create a timeline that works for you.
CONTACT KIKI
home about portfolio investments journal 
COPYRIGHT 2026 | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | CREATED W/LOVE BY LOST MERMAID STUDIO
navigate
back to top
All love welcome, Bold Originality, Wild Inclusivity.
faqs contact CRESTED BUTTE GUIDE 
contact me
 home
 about
 services
 portfolio
 faqs
JOURNAL