Meet Kiki | Colorado Wedding Photographer 
Asset 1 
Home About INVESTMENTs portfolio faqs contact 
journal 
It all began when I was thirteen years old, moving into the home that my parents still live in today. I was like most teenagers at that age, riddled with confusion on what life meant, and trying to establish what I was supposed to do with it.
Luckily I had the kind of father who would always do what he could to help me. As my father and I unpacked a seemingly endless stack of boxes at our new house, he suddenly took it upon himself to locate this box he just had to find. I still remember the smile on his face as he unboxed his Minolta X 700 camera and the pictures it had documented of his life in the military, and living in Europe for most of his twenties.
There amongst the faded landscape portraits was a version of my father I had never seen before, and I was so inspired by catching a glimpse into a time otherwise long forgotten.
Thirteen-year old me was captivated by the creativity and storytelling that something as simple as a photo could hold. My father and I sat there for hours transported to a different time, going through all the photographs we could get our hands on. At the end of the night my father gave me that Minolta X 700 camera to have as my own, and the rest is history. 
The face behind the lens
From then on I photographed everything, and eventually moved up to Jacksonville where I pursued a degree in Fine Arts specializing in Photography, Filmmaking, and Film Art at the University of Florida.
Now as the creator of Kiki Creates, I continue to be inspired every single time I pick up a camera. The emotional depth of discovering those forgotten photographs of my father is something I channel in every moment I photograph for someone to look back on.
I am a proud photographer who goes by the name Kiki, a nickname my father gave me, so when I created my company it seemed only natural to name it KiKiCreates, in honor of the man who inspired it all.
see the gallerIES
 The why behind my work
If you’re looking for someone who is not only a good addition to your adventures, but also carries the ability to capture the raw emotion of everyday life, look no further. I aspire to give your photography the emotional depth I felt looking at those photographs of my father. You deserve a moment to look back on time and time again.
I would simply love the opportunity to give you the photography session of your dreams. I truly look forward to getting to know you!
I have been photographing professionally since 2012 and proudly created a business that focuses on the storytelling abilities of captured moments through creative light and emotion. My love for film flows through my work, and although it is my job, it is my privilege to have the opportunity to work with such incredible individuals. To tell your unique story through a captured moment is simply what I live for.
xo, Kiki
let's do this
featured in
home about portfolio investments journal 
COPYRIGHT 2026 | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | CREATED W/LOVE BY LOST MERMAID STUDIO
navigate
back to top
All love welcome, Bold Originality, Wild Inclusivity.
faqs contact CRESTED BUTTE GUIDE 
contact me
 home
 about
 services
 portfolio
 faqs
JOURNAL