Colorado Wedding & Elopement Photography | Kiki Creates 
Asset 1 
Home About INVESTMENTs portfolio faqs contact 
journal 
Investments
Elopements
Starts at $2,200
Weddings
Begin at $4200
portraits
Begin at $650
CONTACT KIKI
CONTACT KIKI
CONTACT KIKI
Begin at $4400
CONTACT KIKI
 VIDEOGRAPHY
Kara is an outstanding photographer. I don’t feel like I can do her any kind of justice telling you about it, you just have to meet her and let her capture your most important moments because the results will take your breath away. She is truly an artist and has provided us with the most magical photos of our wedding. We found it very difficult traveling from the UK having never met Kara, we had blind faith from seeing her work online and speaking with her via email. As soon as we met her all of those issues disappeared, you feel like you have known her for years and she is so much fun we didn’t stop laughing the entire time. She manages to move unnoticed taking pictures (and we had a VERY small wedding) whilst also being an awesome guest and, as it turned out for us, she became a really special part of our day and memories! The wedding absolutely flew by for us but Kara has ensured we have the most epic and stunning pictures to keep forever. You’re the best Kara thank you!!!
Niki Staples
Kiki was fantastic! She captured my wedding day beautifully! Her photos really tell a story! She was quick to respond and was really helpful planning the rest of the details for the day. She took the time to explore the area the day before the wedding to find the most beautiful locations.
Shelby W
Loved, loved, loved this experience. Kiki did the photos for our elopement. She was easy to work with. We are very please with the way the photos turned out. We could not ask for a better elopement experience.
Kylie Bryant
kind words
kind words
kind words
kind words
kind words
kind words
home about portfolio investments journal 
COPYRIGHT 2026 | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | CREATED W/LOVE BY LOST MERMAID STUDIO
navigate
back to top
All love welcome, Bold Originality, Wild Inclusivity.
faqs contact CRESTED BUTTE GUIDE 
contact me
 home
 about
 services
 portfolio
 faqs
JOURNAL